article: u.s. attorney general alberto gonzales warned on monday that security measures such as the ban on carrying liquids and gels onto commercial planes may be permanent if officials can not figure out how to screen the kinds of materials terror suspects in britain allegedly plotted to use to blow up u.s.-bound airplanes .
ref: attorney general gonzales warns new airport security measures may be permanent
dec: u.s. attorney general warns security measures on commercial planes

article: in a sport where profanity is the unofficial language , where an `` eye for an eye , tooth for a tooth '' can be taken a little too literally , staying grounded in his deep christian faith might seem difficult for a guy like peter budaj of the colorado avalanche .
ref: budaj s strong religious beliefs keep him on an even keel
dec: profanity may be taken in avalanche

article: while the elite runners in sunday 's los angeles marathon will be pushing themselves to the limit for a chance at $ ##,### and a new car , one woman near the back of the pack would find the biggest thrill of all in simply crossing the finish line .
ref: valencia woman is walking miracle
dec: elite runners seek limit for los angeles marathon

article: italian state-controlled engineering company ansaldo said tuesday that its energy unit has been awarded a ## billion lire -lrb- dlrs ## million -rrb- contract from the emirate of sharjah in the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- for the design , supply and installation of a seawater desalinization plant .
ref: italian company gets ## billion lire uae contract
dec: italian energy unit awarded contract in uae

article: the u.s. economy has lost an estimated $ #.# billion in economic benefits -- equating to about ##,### jobs per year -- since canada began offering tax subsidies to film production companies in #### , according to an updated study by the center for entertainment industry data and research .
ref: study lists film industry losses at $ #.# billion
dec: u.s. economy loses $ #.# billion in economic benefits

article: paris hilton hated her #### movie `` pledge this ! '' and refused for months to make promotional appearances for it despite a contract requiring her to do so , lawyers for the film 's investors said as trial opened thursday in an $ # million lawsuit against her .
ref: lawyers spar in paris hilton film contract dispute
dec: paris hilton hated #### movie pledge

article: representatives of sri lanka 's separatist tamil tiger rebels attending the third round of peace talks in norwegian capital oslo earlier this month have briefed their leader velupillai prabhakaran on the swiss model of federalism which they want to copy for their self-rule , the sunday observer said .
ref: sri lankan tamil rebel leader briefed on swiss model of federalism
dec: sri lanka tamil rebels briefed on swiss model of federalism

article: export of canned orange and tangerine products to the european union via shanghai , one of the most important trading ports on the east china coast , was ### tons in the first five months of the year , ## percent down from the same period last year .
ref: china reports major plunge in canned orange export to eu
dec: canned orange products to eu in shanghai

article: a single judge will decide the fate of two suspected ira members and a veteran of the outlawed group who have been waiting for more than a year to find out whether they will return to ireland _ or spend up to ## years in a colombian prison .
ref: hearing for suspected ira members accused of training colombian rebels set for friday
dec: single judge to decide fate of suspected ira members in colombian prison

article: incumbent hong kong chief executive donald tsang yam-kuen said here sunday he had so far already got nominations from ### election committee members in support for his campaign for election of the third term of chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region -lrb- hksar -rrb- .
ref: incumbent hk chief already gets nominations for another term from ### election committee members
dec: hong kong chief executive wins nominations for election campaign

article: violent crime , infant mortality and the spread of aids and other urban problems have begun to recede in some of the nation 's largest cities , even though they are increasing in smaller cities , a new report by a public-health research organization said on monday .
ref: some big cities seeing less violent crime aids other urban
dec: infant mortality to recede in largest cities

article: a north korean ship under scrutiny for more than a week by the u.s. navy has changed course and was heading back the way it came , u.s. officials said as pyongyang warned wednesday it will take military action if anyone attempts to search its vessels .
ref: nkorean ship under us scrutiny changes course
dec: north korean ship under scrutiny

article: after reviewing the sexual misconduct case against the army 's highest ranking enlisted soldier , a military hearing officer has recommended that sergeant major gene c. mckinney be court-martialed on ## charges of indecent assault , adultery and obstruction of justice , government officials said today .
ref: hearing officer recommends court-martial for mckinney
dec: military hearing recommends mckinney be court-martialed

article: fadwa barghouti , wife of detained secretary general of palestinian mainstream fatah movement in the west bank marwan barghouti , on wednesday called on lebanon 's hezbollah , or party of god , to include her husband in any prisoners ' exchange deal with israel .
ref: barghouti 's wife calls for hezbollah 's help to release her husband from israel
dec: fatah chief calls on hezbollah to include husband in prisoners exchange deal

article: at least ## people were killed in a string of bombings in the center of baghdad as more american soldiers patrolled the streets of the capital as part of a make or break bid to quell sectarian violence and stem the slide toward civil war .
ref: bombings shake central baghdad as american patrol the streets
dec: ## killed in bombings in baghdad

article: <unk> , which has interests in the car parts and packaging businesses , made a net profit of ###,### marks -lrb- ###,### dollars -rrb- in the year to september from a loss of ### million marks the previous year , the company said on monday .
ref: <unk> returns to profits
dec: <unk> makes net profit to september

article: begum khaleda zia , prime minister and chairperson of the ruling bangladesh nationalist party -lrb- bnp -rrb- , last night sent a letter to opposition leader sheikh hasina to invite her to a meeting to discuss the national political problem with an open mind .
ref: bangladeshi pm sends letter to opposition for talks
dec: bangladesh prime minister sends letter to opposition leader to invite meeting

article: russian engineers broke a red wax seal and six men emerged from a metal hatch beaming and waving tuesday after ### days of isolation in a soviet-era mock spacecraft testing the stresses space travelers may one day face on the journey to mars .
ref: mars flight simulation experiment ends in moscow
dec: russian engineers break red wax seal

article: anyone who thinks that cuba will let a u.n. human rights monitor visit the island is `` dreaming , '' foreign minister felipe perez roque said thursday as he blasted a proposed united nations resolution to censure the island for its rights record .
ref: cuba says anyone who thinks it will let a u.n. human rights monitor
dec: cuba says u.n. resolution to censure island for rights record

article: summer admissions to tokyo disneyland fell for the first time since #### as an attraction based on the `` honey , i shrunk the kids '' film series failed to bring in as many visitors as last year 's hit , `` <unk> .
ref: tokyo disney 's summer admissions fall for #st time in # years
dec: summer admissions to tokyo disneyland fall

article: florence aubenas , the french journalist freed after five months as a hostage in iraq , thanked the french public and media on sunday for a campaign of support that she said raised her spirits during her long days and weeks of captivity .
ref: freed french journalist thanks public media for campaign of support
dec: french journalist thanks french media for campaign of support

article: the draft of a new pentagon report concluded that repealing the `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' law would not cause overall harm to the military but might cause temporary disruptions , people familiar with the report said thursday .
ref: little harm found if gay ban is lifted pentagon report says
dec: new pentagon report says do n't tell law to ask military

article: an american woman running for a seat on the athens city council hopes to become one of the first-ever immigrants to hold public office in a country struggling to assimilate hundreds of thousands of foreigners who have decided to call greece home .
ref: first black american candidate joins immigrants seeking office
dec: american woman hopes to become first-ever immigrants to hold public office in greece

article: a set of special stamps on the theme of `` lunar new year greetings '' will be issued in hong kong on january ## , p.c. luk , acting postmaster general of the hong kong special administrative region , announced here friday .
ref: special stamps to be issued in hk for chinese l
dec: special stamps on lunar new year greetings to be issued in hong kong

article: howard francis shattuck jr. , a retired international counsel for the mobil oil corp. who led a study of united nations peacekeeping operations for the american bar association , died on wednesday at his home on the upper east side of manhattan .
ref: h. f. shattuck jr. ## <unk> for mobil
dec: howard shattuck jr. ## international counsel for mobil oil

article: taiwan is not worried that its interests will be sacrificed in the talks wednesday between chinese vice president hu jintao and u.s. leaders in washington , an official said , although the touchy taiwan issue is expected to be on the agenda .
ref: taiwan not worried about chinese vice president 's meetings with top u.s. leaders official says
dec: taiwan not worried about talks with u.s. leaders

article: congolese rebels and opposition parties joined forces tuesday to press the government to continue talks aimed at ending the country 's # #\/# - year civil war and to abandon plans to set up a new government that several groups have rejected .
ref: congolese rebels and leading opposition parties form alliance and
dec: congolese rebels opposition parties join forces to press government to continue talks

article: president barack obama announced here on monday that the united states will back india 's bid for a permanent seat on an expanded u.n. security council , a major policy shift that could aggravate china , which opposes such a move .
ref: obama supports u.n. seat for india jim yardley and lydia polgreen contributed reporting
dec: obama to back india bid for security council

article: <unk> of serbia , croatia and bosnia , slobodan milosevic , franjo tudjman and alija izetbegovic , will meet in moscow next tuesday for a political settlement of the conflicts in former yugoslavia , a russian foreign ministry spokesman said today .
ref: serbian croatian bosnian leaders to meet in moscow
dec: milosevic to meet in moscow for settlement of conflicts

article: gunmen killed a u.n. employee and a guard during a failed kidnap attempt at a refugee camp in northwestern pakistan on thursday , officials said , a blow to humanitarian efforts to help civilians displaced by army offensives against the taliban .
ref: gunmen kill un worker guard in nw pakistan
dec: gunmen kill u.n. employee in pakistan refugee camp

article: william j. oswald , a university of california , berkeley , scientist who made algae the central feature of an innovative method for the treatment of sewage , died dec. # of pancreatic cancer at his home in concord , calif. .
ref: scientist wastewater engineer william j. oswald ## dies
dec: william oswald ## university of sewage dies at ##

article: manchester united resume their bid for a third successive championship title this saturday hoping that their game against aston villa will produce headlines of a more postive nature than those that followed last week 's infamous clash at crystal palace .
ref: united look to demolish rebuilt villa
dec: united resume bid for third successive championship title

article: the spanish government thursday approved plans for homosexual marriage , including the right of gay couples to adopt , making the country the most liberal in europe , with belgium and the netherlands , in the field of gay rights .
ref: the legal status of homosexual unions in the world
dec: spain to plans for homosexual marriage

article: in the first debate of california 's recall election , candidates vying to oust gov. gray davis attacked front-runner cruz bustamante for accepting indian casino money and connected actor arnold schwarzenegger to an adviser 's unpopular remarks on property taxes .
ref: candidates in california recall race attack front-runners
dec: candidates criticize bustamante for accepting casino money

article: a strange paralysis named acute flaccid , a disease which is deadly dangerous to children , is spreading quickly in angola , with ## having reportedly been killed among the ### cases registered , local health officials said here wednesday .
ref: strange paralysis spreads in angola
dec: strange paralysis named disease in angola

article: unfazed by china 's dark threats of the consequences , backers of taiwan 's independence-minded opposition can almost taste victory in saturday 's vote for president , victory that would end ## years of unbreakable rule by one all-powerful party .
ref: taiwan voters leaning toward change
dec: taiwan opposition vows almost taste victory in vote

article: hamas , charged by palestinian leader mahmud abbas with forming a government , wants a coalition with fatah but may go for a cabinet dominated by technocrats rather than politicians , officials of the radical islamist movement said on saturday .
ref: hamas eyes technocrat government
dec: hamas wants coalition with fatah

article: angolan basketball federation -lrb- fab -rrb- chairman , pires ferreira , has confirmed that the national team coach , mario palma , will continue to lead the african cup seven - time winners in the #### athens olympic games .
ref: palma to coach angolan basketball team in #### olympic games
dec: angolan team coach confirms to lead african cup winners in athens olympic games

article: share prices here rose slightly early on wednesday , on publication of figures showing an unexpected fall in britain 's trade deficit , outweighing caution before a speech by us federal reserve chairman alan greenspan later in the day .
ref: london shares rise on strong trade figures
dec: london shares rise slightly in trade deficit

article: u.s. treasury secretary timothy geithner said tuesday his country had a `` special responsibility '' to help guide the world through its worst recession in decades , and stressed that while a recovery was ongoing , setbacks were likely .
ref: geithner says force of global recession receding
dec: geithner says special responsibility for world recession

article: nearing the end of what sen. pete domenici has declared `` the make or break '' week for budget negotiations , both sides in the talks said wednesday that they were still separated by a sea of political differences .
ref: some progress in bipartisan budget talks
dec: domenici says make or break week for budget negotiations

article: a saudi dissident was arrested tuesday after a nightlong siege of his riyadh home , where he was planning what would have been the first public meeting of independent reformists in the kingdom , an exiled opposition figure said .
ref: saudi dissident arrested in riyadh exiled opposition figure says
dec: saudi dissident arrested after siege of riyadh

article: the president of saks fifth avenue , rose marie bravo , resigned thursday to become the chief executive of <unk> worldwide , the british maker of apparel and luxury items and a unit of great universal stores plc. .
ref: saks fifth avenue president joins <unk>
dec: saks president resigns to become chief executive of <unk>

article: colombia plans to borrow $ ### million to repay a five-year loan it took out two years ago and lower its borrowing costs , said clemente del valle , the director of public credit at the finance ministry .
ref: colombia to borrow $ ### mln to lower its borrowing costs
dec: colombia plans to borrow $ ### million to repay loan

article: one of the most untouchable issues in american politics -- and so far campaign #### has been no exception -- is the damaging proposition , deliberately fostered by government leaders , that religious devotion and patriotism are inseparable .
ref: patriotism should not be <unk> with religious devotion
dec: the religious devotion in american politics

article: john mccain 's inability to speak spanish does not automatically mean that george w. bush 's comparative fluency in the language will give him a decisive edge on super tuesday , according to those who follow latino politics .
ref: bush banks on latinos in calif.
dec: mccain vows to give decisive edge on super tuesday

article: soldiers in tanks and armored cars besieged the shelled compound of a radical islamist sect and sporadic gunfire exploded as hundreds of innocents fled wednesday , the third day of fighting in nigeria 's northern city of maiduguri .
ref: #,### displaced as troops battle nigeria militants
dec: soldiers besiege radical islamist sect in nigeria

article: malaysia airlines -lrb- mas -rrb- forged a three-way deal for the use of us - based world airways ' new md-## freighter aircraft to expand its cargo business in europe and the united states , on wednesday .
ref: malaysia 's mas <unk> forge cargo pact with us-based world airways
dec: malaysia airlines signs three-way deal for new md-## freighter

article: southeast asian foreign ministers will meet next week in singapore in a continuing effort to find a solution to the crisis that followed a coup in cambodia last month , philippine foreign secretary domingo siazon said tuesday .
ref: southeast asian foreign ministers to hold special meeting on cambodia
dec: southeast asian foreign ministers to meet to find solution to crisis

article: owen <unk> is known for <unk> tackles and bleeding the clock , so it was strange to hear him talk about becoming woozy while watching knee replacement surgery as part of a summer internship at stanford hospital .
ref: stanford player excels on offense defense and in class
dec: owen strange to hear talk of knee replacement surgery

article: munich re , the world 's biggest reinsurer , said wednesday it has cut its stake in commerzbank by selling ## million shares in the bank for close to ### million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- .
ref: munich re sells ## mln commerzbank shares
dec: munich re cuts stake in commerzbank

article: authorities combed the woods and parking lot behind a steakhouse sunday trying to find evidence that may link the shooting of a ##-year-old man to the sniper attacks that have claimed nine lives in the washington area .
ref: man in virginia shot outside steakhouse ; shooting under investigation for connection to sniper
dec: authorities seek evidence of shooting of man to sniper attacks

article: barings bank sustained additional losses of ### million dollars on the tokyo stock market early on monday , the bank of england said , taking total losses revealed over the weekend to more than one billion dollars .
ref: barings losses exceed #.# bln dollars sterling falls
dec: barings bank says additional losses in tokyo stock market

article: atlanta travel agents bitterly criticized delta air lines ' decision tuesday to join united airlines in cutting their commissions , saying it will force some agencies to impose service fees on customers to offset lost revenue .
ref: agents angry over delta commission decision
dec: travel agents criticize delta decision to join united airlines

article: german federal prosecutors said friday they have opened a murder investigation against ousted iraqi leader saddam hussein after the death of a kurdish woman in germany was linked to a #### mustard gas attack in iraq .
ref: german federal prosecutors may charge saddam in kurdish woman 's death
dec: germany opens murder investigation against saddam

article: british historian eric <unk> , along with a french psychologist , a taiwanese geneticist and a german astronomer won this year 's lucrative balzan prizes for contributions to arts and science , the foundation announced tuesday .
ref: four lucrative balzan prizes for arts and sciences handed out
dec: british historian wins balzan prizes

article: minister of economic affairs steve r. l. chen said thursday that his ministry has decided to temporarily halt a plan to allow china-made garments to enter taiwan due to the negative response from the domestic industry .
ref: moea halts opening to china-made garments
dec: government decides to halt plan to allow china-made garments to enter taiwan

article: russia hopes a possible agreement to try to libyan suspects in the bombing of pan am flight ### will end the `` abnormal situation '' in which libya finds itself , a news agency said thursday .
ref: russia hopes lockerbie developments will improve relations with libya
dec: russia hopes possible agreement to try to libyan suspects in pan am bombing

article: indonesia will try to induce rain and drop water bombs to extinguish land-clearing fires that are sending smoke across parts of southeast asia , affecting air quality and causing respiratory complaints , the government said friday .
ref: indonesia to induce rain drop water bombs on fires to stop regional haze
dec: indonesia to try to induce rain to extinguish land-clearing fires

article: hong kong share prices closed #.## percent higher tuesday on a rebound following monday 's sharp falls , with wall street 's modest gains overnight and the japanese market 's rally helping sentiment , dealers said .
ref: hong kong shares close higher on rebound after wall st tokyo gains
dec: hong kong shares close #.## percent higher

article: nelson gross , one of new jersey 's most prominent and powerful republicans before a campaign fund-raising scandal toppled him a generation ago , has been missing since wednesday morning , law-enforcement officials said friday .
ref: nelson gross once a top n.j.
dec: new jersey republicans missing

article: thousands of officially organised mourners lined the route of deng xiaoping 's funeral cortege monday in the west of beijing , on the way to the babaoshan revolutionary cemetery where he was to be cremated .
ref: mourners gather for deng cremation
dec: organised mourners gather to route of deng xiaoping 's funeral cortege

article: taiwan 's main opposition party , which has advocated independence for the island from china , will allow a senior member to visit the chinese mainland later this week , a party leader said sunday .
ref: senior official of main opposition party to visit china
dec: taiwan opposition party to allow senior member to visit chinese mainland

article: the ugandan government will intensify its efforts aimed at ironing out the differences between the main factions of the congolese rally for democracy -lrb- rdc -rrb- in the democratic republic of congo -lrb- drc -rrb- .
ref: uganda to intensify efforts to reconcile congo
dec: uganda to intensify efforts aimed at congolese rally

article: the paris appeals court has reduced a million-euro -lrb- #.#-million-dollar -rrb- fine levied on jean-marie messier , former head of french media giant vivendi universal , to ###,### euros , a court source said wednesday .
ref: jean-marie messier former vivendi has fine cut in half
dec: paris court reduces fine on messier

article: a huge group of fans _ many of them short enough to peak beneath the fairway ropes _ greeted tiger woods early wednesday as he teed off in the nec world series of golf pro-am .
ref: big crowds stalk tiger at firestone
dec: huge fans greet tiger woods in golf pro-am

article: david nalbandian maintained his perfect record against roger federer when he upset the wimbledon champion #-# , #-# -lrb- # -rrb- , #-# , #-# in the fourth round of the u.s. open on thursday .
ref: rain scrambles open schedule
dec: nalbandian beats federer at u.s. open

article: saying he was landing in the second <unk> of several uruguayan soccer types , gregorio perez arrived in sardinia tuesday to familiarize himself with his new club , cagliari , and meet the local media .
ref: uruguayan coach arrives in cagliari
dec: uruguayan soccer perez arrives in sardinia

article: the republic of china government on thursday signed a contract with costa rica to help that central american country build a bridge and design highway blueprints , according to news reaching panama from costa rica .
ref: roc helps costa rica build bridge design highway blueprints
dec: china signs contract with costa rica to help build bridge blueprints

article: beijing , april ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- chinese president jiang zemin met with visiting prince salman bin abdul-aziz , governor of saudi arabia 's riyadh province , at the diaoyutai state guesthouse this afternoon .
ref: chinese president meets with saudi arabian prince
dec: chinese president meets saudi governor

article: spanish farmers friday threatened to block roads in southern spain over the weekend to protest a #.# <unk> -lrb- dlrs ##-million -rrb- fine imposed by the european union for excessive cotton production this year .
ref: farmers to block roads in southern spain in protest
dec: spanish farmers threaten to block roads in southern spain

article: swedish foreign minister anna lindh , one of the country 's most admired politicians , was slashed with a knife wednesday , apparently as she shopped at an exclusive department store in downtown stockholm .
ref: swedish foreign minister slashed with knife in popular department store
dec: swedish foreign minister slashed with knife

article: anyone who ever told you not to beat yourself up has n't met dan hamner , a new york sports medicine physician who promotes a <unk> strength training program called `` cave man medicine .
ref: working out to the cave man beat
dec: new york sports physician calls cave man medicine

article: if you got the impression over the years that the mexican government was a stew of corruption , nothing in `` murder , money , and mexico '' is likely to change your mind .
ref: frontline covers mexico 's corruption and personal enrichment
dec: mexico faces to change your mind

article: germany 's anke huber won the first grass-court tournament of her career saturday with a #-# , #-# -lrb- #-# -rrb- win over czech helena sukova in the final of the wilkinson lady championships .
ref: huber wins wilkinson lady title
dec: huber wins first grass-court tournament in wilkinson lady championships

article: hobart 's bid to oust buenos aires as the home of the new antarctic treaty organization has been boosted by backing from the british and australian governments , tasmania 's antarctic affairs minister said .
ref: tasmania claims backing over buenos aires for antarctic secretariat
dec: hobart 's bid to oust buenos aires as home of antarctic treaty

article: tenaga nasional bhd. , malaysia 's largest power utility , said its engineering unit tenaga engineers bhd wants to play an active role in the building of the bakun hydroelectric dam in sarawak state .
ref: tenaga wants to play an active role in building bakun dam
dec: malaysia wants to play active role in bakun dam project

article: share prices on the taiwan stock exchange opened high and closed higher wednesday , with the weighted index moving up ##.## points to close at #,###.## , according to news reaching here from taipei .
ref: taiwan share prices close up feb. ##
dec: taiwan stocks close higher

article: serbia-montenegro on wednesday condemned the #### srebrenica massacre of some #,### muslim men and boys in bosnia , and announced a delegation would attend the ##th anniversary ceremony in the town on july ## .
ref: serbia-montenegro condemns srebrenica massacre ahead of anniversary
dec: serbia-montenegro condemns srebrenica massacre

article: no one should be surprised that the u.s. military has failed so far to kill or capture terrorist leader osama bin laden , the u.s. commander of the war in afghanistan said thursday .
ref: u.s. war commander says it could take years to find bin laden ;
dec: u.s. commander says u.s. military fails to kill bin laden

article: the new government of sao tome prime minister maria do carmo silveira , whose predecessor resigned over a contentious oil deal , was appointed by presidential decree on thursday , state radio reported .
ref: sao tome gets new government
dec: sao tome prime minister named government of sao tome

article: leading swedish steel manufacturer svenskt staal ab -lrb- ssab -rrb- increased pre-tax profits by #.# times in #### to #.## billion kronor -lrb- ###.# million dollars -rrb- , the company said on friday .
ref: ssab increase profits #.# times in ####
dec: swedish steel manufacturer staal raises profits

article: burundi 's army said friday it had killed three members of the country 's last active rebel group and captured a fourth in an ambush on a guerrilla base north of the capital .
ref: burundi army kills three rebels in ambush
dec: burundi army kills three rebel members

article: pinch hitter <unk> <unk> slugged a grand slam home run in the sixth inning and the hanshin tigers trounced the central league 's front-running yakult swallows ##-# at tokyo 's jingu stadium tuesday .
ref: tigers trounce swallows ##-# on <unk> 's grand slam homer
dec: tigers beat swallows ##-#

article: calling a nearly decadelong experiment in progressive teaching methods a failure , a california task force wednesday will call on state schools to resume teaching phonics , spelling and other basic reading skills .
ref: california task force urges schools to get back to reading basics
dec: california task force to call on state schools to resume teaching

article: england goalkeeper david seaman , ridiculed as much for his long ponytail as his blunders , unveiled a new hairstyle as arsenal went to borussia dortmund in a champions league game on tuesday .
ref: <unk> gets chop as under fire england keeper has new hairstyle
dec: seaman unveils new hairstyle as arsenal to dortmund in champions league game

article: qantas airways ltd. said thursday net profit after abnormals rose #.# percent from a year earlier to ###.# million australian dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- in the six months to december ## .
ref: qantas airways ltd. half-year profit up #.# percent
dec: qantas airways says net profit up #.# percent

article: australian captain mark taylor described champion west indies batsman brian lara as an `` antagonist '' after the west indies beat australia by ## wickets in an incident-packed fifth cricket test here monday .
ref: lara an antagonist says taylor
dec: taylor slams lara as antagonist

article: more than ##,### chinese artists nationwide will stage ### performances from august ## to october ## in beijing to mark the ##th anniversary of the founding of the people 's republic of china .
ref: spectacular art performances will mark china 's national day
dec: chinese artists to stage ### performances in china

article: czech republic midfielder david <unk> scored an injury time winner sunday as strasbourg beat nantes #-# , denying its opponent the chance to move up to third place in the french first division .
ref: <unk> leaves it late as strasbourg sinks nantes
dec: strasbourg beats nantes #-#

article: alex rodriguez was selected player of the year in a vote by members of the players ' association and john smoltz was picked to receive the marvin miller man of the year award .
ref: rodriguez selected as union 's player of the year
dec: rodriguez selected player of the year

article: a man who was scheduled to be laid off at the end of the day got up from his desk and fatally shot three female co-workers thursday before killing himself , police said .
ref: man about to be laid off kills three co-workers self
dec: man shot three female co-workers before killing himself

article: the massive floods that hit the indonesian capital and surroundings in the last six days have claimed more than ## lives and displaced some ###,### residents , a health ministry official said wednesday .
ref: over ## people killed in jakarta floods
dec: massive floods claim ## lives in indonesia

article: the time is not right to resume negotiations with syria , israeli vice premier shimon peres said monday , adding that israel is too busy trying to deal with lebanon and the palestinians .
ref: israel 's vice premier says time is not right to resume peace talks with syria
dec: peres says not right to resume negotiations with syria

article: two sunni arab militant groups , the islamic army in iraq and <unk> <unk> , claimed responsibility for the mortar bomb attacks which rocked the international conference held in baghdad on saturday .
ref: sunni groups claim blasts at iraq peace conference
dec: two sunni militant groups claim responsibility for mortar bomb attacks in baghdad

article: german tourist ruth <unk> , who was making her way around the world on various modes of transport , was shot dead in the northeastern province of corrientes , police said tuesday .
ref: german <unk> slain in argentina
dec: german tourist shot dead in northeastern

article: nepal has seen over ## people 's deaths relating to diarrhea out of #,### cases reported at major health institutions in the past two months , the kathmandu post newspaper reported tuesday .
ref: diarrhea claims ## nepalese people 's lives
dec: nepal has over ## people 's deaths in diarrhea

article: britain is planning to withdraw aid from much of the developing countries , including the west indies , latin america , southeast asia and eastern europe , it was reported here today .
ref: britain plans to cut foreign aid
dec: britain plans to withdraw aid from developing countries

article: china will further reform its investment mechanism and expand financing channels in absorbing foreign capitals into the air transport industry , a senior chinese civil aviation industry official said here on wednesday .
ref: china to further ease foreign investment regulations in aviation industry
dec: china to further reform investment mechanism

article: five people including one pilot died and seven others were injured when a plane on a domestic flight caught fire sunday afternoon in <unk> district , mid-western nepal , radio nepal said .
ref: five die in nepal air accident
dec: five killed in plane accident in mid-western nepal

article: indonesia will hold landmark elections in aceh province before the year 's end , the region 's poll commission said tuesday , paving the way for former rebels to engage in politics .
ref: elections in indonesia 's aceh to be held on dec. ## poll body says
dec: indonesia to hold landmark elections in aceh

article: biologists on wednesday freed three endangered condors in baja california with the hope that north america 's largest birds will soar over mexico for the first time in more than ## years .
ref: biologists free condors in mexico 's baja california state
dec: biologists release three endangered condors in baja california

article: the all stock index on the shanghai stock exchange closed at ###.## today , up #.## points from the previous closing , according to the china financial trust and investment corporation .
ref: shanghai stock index up
dec: shanghai stock index up

article: slumping orders for planes including a new ##-seater after the sept. ## attacks pushed u.s.-german aircraft maker fairchild dornier to seek court protection from its creditors tuesday , the company said .
ref: german-american aircraft maker fairchild dornier files for
dec: slumping orders push u.s.-german aircraft maker fairchild dornier to seek court protection

article: the brother of former mexican president carlos salinas was charged tuesday with ordering and financing the murder of a top ruling party official , the lead investigator in the case said .
ref: brother of former mexican president charged in political assassination
dec: former mexican president charged with financing murder

article: andy moog , veteran of ### playoff games and a member of three stanley cup champions , tugged on his gray beard and pondered the key to success in the postseason .
ref: ## members of stars know about playoff poise
dec: moog aims to success in postseason

article: un secretary general kofi annan said monday that despite making progress , liberia was not stable enough to allow the withdrawal of a un mission deployed in the west african country .
ref: annan says liberia still needs un force
dec: annan says liberia not stable enough to allow withdrawal of un mission

article: here 's a quick test to help you decide whether to buy tickets to `` the art of seduction , '' a new play at group repertory theatre in north hollywood .
ref: seduction a <unk> experience
dec: quick test on art of seduction

article: european soccer 's governing body uefa said sunday it would investigate the racial abuse aimed at england players emile heskey and ashley cole during england 's european championship qualifier in slovakia .
ref: fa to complain to uefa about slovakia
dec: uefa to investigate racial abuse in slovakia qualifier

article: philippine president fidel ramos defended his criticism of the supreme court after it threw out a winning foreign bid to buy a five-star hotel , press secretary hector villanueva said sunday .
ref: ramos defends criticism of court over failed manila hotel bid
dec: ramos defends criticism of supreme court

article: israel and the plo will start talks to try to resolve the fate of hundreds of palestinian prisoners on sunday , according to nabil shaath , the chief plo autonomy negotiator .
ref: israel-plo to resume prisoner talks on sunday
dec: israel plo to start talks on palestinian prisoners

article: british foreign secretary douglas hurd sunday acknowledged the difficulty of finding a new candidate for the job of european union commission boss , but stressed that the search must go on .
ref: hurd says search for new eu commission president to continue
dec: hurd acknowledges difficulty of finding new candidate for eu commission boss

article: u.s. retail giant wal-mart stores inc. has set its sights on china 's largest and most prosperous city , announcing thursday it had signed an agreement to open stores in shanghai .
ref: u.s. chain wal-mart to open stores in shanghai
dec: wal-mart stores to open stores in shanghai

article: france said tuesday that iran has a role to play in ending the fighting in lebanon and that the french and iranian foreign ministers met to discuss what it could be .
ref: french iranian foreign ministers discuss iran 's role in settling mideast conflict
dec: france says iran has role to play in lebanon

article: if anyone thinks north <unk> arrived at arco arena star struck before today 's west regional game against usc , they have n't spent a day on the seahawks ' campus .
ref: <unk> wo n't be star struck
dec: seahawks ponder options

article: the radar-evading f-## , the first fighter in nearly a half century that will carry the boeing name , is suddenly facing an enemy that might able to shoot it down .
ref: federal budget cutters taking aim at boeing fighter jet
dec: radar-evading f-## faces enemy

article: lebanese resistance guerrilla hezbollah , or party of god , has expressed concern that israel is planing aggression against lebanon in three or four months , the oriental radio reported monday .
ref: hezbollah warns of israeli aggression against lebanon in months
dec: hezbollah concerned about israel aggression against lebanon

article: poland 's president aleksander kwasniewski deplored monday an exceptionally low turnout in the nation 's first direct mayoral elections that were also a test of the country 's left-wing government .
ref: unofficial preliminary returns in polish local elections show low turnout need for runoff in most cities
dec: poland president deplores low turnout in mayoral elections

article: with much of britain in the grips of a heatwave , there could n't be a better time for a spot of camel racing at a traditional english country fair .
ref: camel racing comes to sizzling britain
dec: britain could n't be better time for camel racing at fair

article: south korea 's hanjin shipping corp. took over a majority shareholding of <unk> of germany wednesday to widen the reach of its shipping network , the korean company said here .
ref: skorea 's hanjin shipping take over <unk> senator of germany
dec: s. korea 's hanjin takes over majority of germany to widen shipping network

article: israel killed a hamas militant monday in its sixth missile strike in two weeks , while the palestinian government renewed truce talks with the islamic militants despite a boycott threat .
ref: israeli helicopter missile strike kills hamas member militant group says resistance only option
dec: israel kills hamas militant in missile strike

article: australian open organisers will consider changing a loophole in the tournament 's extreme heat rules that stops the roof on the main stadia being closed once a match has started .
ref: australian open officials to consider closing heat rule loophole
dec: australian open organisers to consider changing loophole in extreme heat rules

article: the norwegian ambassador to morocco denied on tuesday that he breached his diplomatic duties by helping the children of a moroccan olympic cross-country champion return with their mother to norway .
ref: norway morocco in row over track champion s kids
dec: norwegian ambassador denies diplomatic duties in olympic champion return

article: nepal 's total foreign exchange reserve in mid-october stood at ###.# million us dollars , representing a #.# percent decline compared to that at the end of last fiscal year .
ref: nepal 's foreign exchange reserve declines
dec: nepal 's foreign exchange reserve drops #.# percent

article: the way texas prisoners are sorted into jobs , living arrangements and recreational areas will change april # under a new classification system developed partly in response to prison escapes .
ref: texas revamping way it sorts and manages prisoners
dec: texas prisoners sorted into jobs

article: the trial of former yugoslav president slobodan milosevic on charges of ordering the killing of two political rivals will likely begin within two months , a judge said wednesday .
ref: milosevic trial expected in two months judge says
dec: milosevic trial to begin within two months

article: prisoners from rival paramilitary groups will be segregated into their own wings to end clashes and protests at northern ireland 's major prison , the british government announced monday .
ref: prisoners from northern ireland paramilitary groups win segregation demands
dec: britain announces prisoners to be segregated into wings to end clashes in northern ireland

article: sirens and factory whistles sounded across the country in tribute on tuesday as china held the funeral of paramount leader deng xiaoping in the great hall of the people .
ref: sirens sound as deng xiaoping 's funeral begins
dec: china holds funeral of deng xiaoping

article: taipei is to impose a curfew on teenagers under ## years old from midnight sunday , the mayor of taiwan 's capital city , chen shui-bian , announced sunday .
ref: taipei imposes curfew on youngsters
dec: taipei to impose curfew on teenagers

article: researchers for the first time have linked air pollution exposure before birth with lower iq scores in childhood , bolstering evidence that smog may harm the developing brain .
ref: kids lower iq scores linked to prenatal pollution
dec: researchers link air pollution exposure to iq scores

article: venezuela 's central bank said it will ask the comptroller general 's office to drop its probe of a #### payment the bank made to government banking regulators .
ref: venezuela 's central bank moves to block billion-dollar probe
dec: venezuela central bank to ask comptroller to drop probe of bank payment

article: the former chief of the central african republic 's army has left neighboring chad and headed to exile in france as stipulated under an agreement between the countries .
ref: former head of central african republic 's army leaves chad
dec: former chief of central african army leaves chad to exile

article: northwest china 's xinjiang uygur autonomous region plans to set up ## wetlands nature reserves , covering about #.## million hectares , to conserve the decreasing ecological systems .
ref: xinjiang to build wetlands reserves
dec: xinjiang to set up ## wetlands reserves

article: thailand 's central bank chief vowed thursday to battle traders speculating against the baht as a lack of confidence in the currency battered the country 's stock market .
ref: thai central bank governor vows to defend baht
dec: thai central bank chief vows to battle traders speculating against baht

article: ruling democratic progressive party -lrb- dpp -rrb- presidential candidate frank hsieh said categorically sunday that if elected , he will not support the development of any offensive weapons .
ref: presidential candidates support expansion of defense prowess
dec: dpp presidential candidate vows to not support development of offensive

article: israeli troops on wednesday shot dead a palestinian during a predawn raid on the outskirts of the west bank city of nablus , medical and security sources said .
ref: israeli troops kill palestinian in west bank raid
dec: israeli troops kill palestinian in nablus

article: italian foreign minister massimo d'alema said wednesday that any international peacekeeping force in lebanon can only be deployed after a cessation of hostilities between israel and hezbollah guerrillas .
ref: italy 's foreign minister says cessation of hostilities first then international force
dec: italian foreign minister says international peacekeeping force in lebanon can only be deployed

article: this was announced here wednesday by carl men ky ching , president of the asian basketball confederation and chairman of asian professional basketball management &amp; development co. .
ref: asian basketball super league to be inaugurated
dec: asian basketball president announces president of asian basketball management

article: sri lankan president mahinda rajapakse has ordered a police investigation into a complaint of senior minister on alleged death threats to him , police officials said thursday .
ref: sri lankan president orders probe on death threat to minister
dec: sri lankan president orders police investigation into complaint of minister on death threats

article: latvia and nato agreed a military cooperation program wednesday following the baltic republic 's decision to join other former warsaw pact countries in the partnership for peace .
ref: latvia agrees partnership for peace program with nato
dec: latvia nato agree military cooperation program

article: the unemployment rate in the ## nations sharing the euro eased in february to a new record low of #.# percent , official figures showed on friday .
ref: eurozone unemployment eases to new record low of #.# percent
dec: euro unemployment rate eases to new record low of #.# percent

article: viacom inc. said tuesday its second-quarter profit tumbled ## percent as revenue fell amid a weak advertising market , slower video game sales and lower box-office results .
ref: viacom s #q profit falls ## percent as sales slide
dec: viacom #nd-quarter profit tumbles ## percent

article: global air traffic improved recently thanks to efficiency gains and cost cutting efforts , the international air transport association -lrb- iata -rrb- said here on monday .
ref: global air traffic improves says iata
dec: iata says global air traffic improves

article: with grenade launchers and assault rifles , soldiers girded for a new rebel assault to wrest control of a sprawling neighborhood in colombia 's second-largest city .
ref: colombian security forces battle rebels in second-biggest city
dec: new rebel assault in colombia

article: gangsters shot and killed a postal employee and seriously wounded another monday morning during a failed raid on a central marseille post office , police said .
ref: one dead one wounded in post office hold-up attempt
dec: gangsters kill postal employee in marseille

article: prince naseem hamed of britain won the world boxing organisation -lrb- wbo -rrb- featherweight title after winning his <unk> contest on saturday in cardiff , england .
ref: naseem hamed wins wbo featherweight crown
dec: hamed wins wbo featherweight title

article: the english football association said on thursday that they will step up their anti-doping efforts by conducting more drug tests on england-based soccer players this season .
ref: english fa to step up drug testing this season
dec: fa to step up anti-doping efforts for soccer players

article: a high-level delegation of european experts who monitored ukraine 's parliamentary election march ## noted important progress , but highlighted several shortcomings in a statement monday .
ref: experts note progress and concerns with ukrainian election
dec: european experts highlight progress in ukraine election

article: about ### delegates of opposition parties to the regime of libyan leader moamer kadhafi gathered in london saturday for their first-ever conference , a spokesman said .
ref: libyan opposition holds first-ever <unk> conference
dec: opposition delegates gather in kadhafi for conference

article: heating oil futures jumped to their highest price since february amid a scarcity of supply for delivery against the may futures contract , which expires tomorrow .
ref: heating oil jumps on shortage in n.y.
dec: heating oil futures surge to highest price

article: boavista recovered from its first-leg defeat to beat maccabi tel aviv #-# on brazilian goals thursday and advance into the second round of the uefa cup .
ref: boavista beats maccabi tel aviv to advance in uefa cup
dec: boavista advances into second round at uefa cup

article: demand for domestic transport around taiwan over the coming weekend has increased due to saturday 's presidential election , spokesmen for various transport systems said thursday .
ref: transport demand increases for presidential election
dec: demand for domestic transport around taiwan increases

article: the ##th session of the world heritage committee -lrb- whc -rrb- on tuesday started to discuss ## proposed additions to the current world heritage list .
ref: world heritage committee discusses new sites for world heritage list
dec: world heritage committee starts to discuss additions to world heritage list

article: australia star shane warne was reported monday to be fighting to save his marriage after new claims he cheated on his wife with a student .
ref: warne in new sex shame report
dec: warne reported to be fighting to save marriage

article: indonesian police have submitted the dossier of arrested muslim cleric abu bakar ba'ashir to the attorney general office , police chief said here on friday .
ref: indonesian police submit ba'ashir 's dossier to prosecutors
dec: indonesian police submit dossier of arrested muslim cleric

article: serie a crosstown rivals ac milan and internazionale agreed friday to a player exchange involving international defender francesco coco and dutch international midfielder clarence seedorf .
ref: internazionale and ac milan agreed on exchange of players
dec: ac milan and internazionale agree to player exchange

article: un secretary general ban ki-moon pledged to fight anti-semitism around the world during a visit to the yad vashem holocaust memorial in jerusalem on monday .
ref: un chief pledges fight against anti-semitism
dec: un chief vows to fight anti-semitism in jerusalem

article: jamaal tinsley hustled to the court at public school ### in brooklyn by ## o'clock each morning and played basketball until long past dark .
ref: tinsley brings a bit of brooklyn to iowa state 's offense
dec: tinsley thrives at public school

article: after a night of <unk> inside texas stadium , jeff <unk> is one race closer to his first american motorcyclist association ###cc supercross championship .
ref: supercross leader <unk> bolts to win
dec: <unk> closer to first american motorcyclist championship

article: wada medical director alain garnier called on doctors and promoters to stop risking the health of athletes by using them as `` research subjects .
ref: wada medical director condemns doctors for using athletes as research subjects
dec: wada medical director calls on doctors to stop risking health of athletes

article: a hong kong official said here wednesday that a fall in local consumer prices was not induced entirely by the weakness in economic activity .
ref: hk consumer prices down due to mixed factors
dec: hong kong official says local consumer prices fall

article: these business stories for release wednesday , march # , #### , are moving today to clients of the new york times news service .
ref: cox news service business budget
dec: cox news service business budget

article: vietnam has set a goal of keeping unemployment under seven percent this year , vietnam 's english daily `` vietnam news '' reported saturday .
ref: vietnam plans to keep unemployment under seven percent this year
dec: vietnam sets goal of keeping unemployment in seven percent

article: chancellor gerhard schroeder on wednesday easily won his first parliamentary vote after being sworn in , a decision to keep german peacekeepers in macedonia .
ref: germany extends macedonia peacekeeping in first test of schroeder 's defense policy as he reaches out to united states
dec: schroeder wins first parliamentary vote to keep german peacekeepers in macedonia

article: asian stock markets gained more ground tuesday , continuing a two-week rally powered by optimism about company earnings and rising liquidity in the region .
ref: world markets continue rally
dec: asian stock markets gain more ground

article: everybody knows that crime pays , but not everyone is savvy to the ways of playing the crook business as an investment opportunity .
ref: crime still pays
dec: the crook business thrives

article: a big deal involving the sale of ###,### shares of kenya commercial bank -lrb- kcb -rrb- worth ## million shillings -lrb- some ###,### .
ref: investors rush for kenyan bank shares
dec: big deal on sale of kenya commercial bank shares

article: king hussein is being tested for cancer of the lymph cells and will begin undergoing chemotherapy next week if tests confirm the condition .
ref: king hussein suspected to be suffering from cancer
dec: king hussein being tested for cancer

article: ukrainian president viktor <unk> said thursday that he is nominating his former orange revolution foe , viktor yanukovych , to become prime minister .
ref: yushchenko nominates yanukovych to be premier
dec: ukrainian president nominating prime minister

article: the jordanian government was making a last-minute plea for clemency for two jordanians facing execution in iraq on wednesday , officials here said .
ref: jordan seeks clemency for two facing death penalty in iraq
dec: jordan making last-minute plea for clemency for jordanians

article: honda motor co. of japan has become the latest global vehicle manufacturer to beat a path to india 's booming automobile market .
ref: honda studies car project with indian company
dec: honda becomes latest global vehicle manufacturer to beat india automobile market

article: the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has urged the philippine government to use other monetary tools to check emerging inflationary pressures .
ref: imf urges manila to check inflationary pressure
dec: imf urges philippine government to use monetary tools to check inflationary pressures

article: an earthquake of magnitude #.# rocked central new zealand early saturday , with objects knocked from shelves in towns near the epicenter .
ref: quake shakes central new zealand
dec: mild quake hits central new zealand

article: a <unk> bull trampled its elderly owner to death on friday while she was trying to force it back into its pen .
ref: crazed bull tramples woman to death
dec: <unk> bull kills elderly owner to death

article: lebanese maronite patriarch nasrallah butros sfeir has called for boosting cooperation among lebanese , local newspaper the daily star reported on monday .
ref: lebanese maronite patriarch urges lebanese to work together
dec: lebanese maronite patriarch calls for boosting cooperation among lebanese

article: yugoslav national soccer team coach slobodan santrac offered his resignation friday , following his team 's early exit from the world cup .
ref: yugoslav coach offers resignation
dec: yugoslav soccer coach offers resignation

article: ukrainian president leonid kuchma sacked agriculture minister anatoly <unk> and his deputy transport minister on friday , the interfax news agency reported .
ref: ukraine agriculture deputy transport ministers sacked
dec: ukrainian president sacks agriculture minister

article: david nalbandian , who lost in the wimbledon final last year , is taking no mercy on this year 's wimbledon finalists .
ref: nalbandian advances to u.s. open quarterfinals after beating wimbledon champion federer
dec: nalbandian taking no mercy on wimbledon finalists

article: teen-ager adam petty said patience is a virtue that does n't mix well with who he is and what he does .
ref: another petty ready for winston cup debut
dec: adam petty says patience has a virtue

article: secretary-general kofi annan on monday welcomed the agreement between north korea and south korea to bring relations `` back on track .
ref: u.n. secretary-general welcomes agreement of north korea and south korea to bring relations back on track
dec: annan welcomes agreement with north korea

article: asian stock markets closed generally mixed monday , with the key index edging higher in tokyo but falling in hong kong .
ref: asian stock markets close generally mixed
dec: asian stock markets close generally mixed

article: nato supreme commander general wesley clark warned friday that nato forces are ready to strike against pinpointed military targets in yugoslavia .
ref: nato general says forces ready to strikes yugoslavia
dec: nato supreme commander warns nato forces ready to strike

article: the international monetary fund suspended zaire friday because of arrears totalling ### million dollars and its persistent failure to repay them .
ref: the imf suspends zaire
dec: imf suspends zaire

article: wall street shares posted modest gains monday as a drop in oil prices gave a lift to an otherwise directionless market .
ref: wall street ends with modest gains ; dow up #.## percent
dec: wall street shares gain amid oil prices slide

article: champagne and confetti aside , the marriage of bank of boston corp. and baybanks inc. is more than just another merger .
ref: merger of banking giants shows the price of staying competitive
dec: boston baybanks marriage merger

article: nigerian pro-democracy activists called wednesday for mass protests and civil <unk> next week to bring down military ruler general sani abacha .
ref: nigerian opposition calls for mass protests against government
dec: nigerian pro-democracy activists call for mass protests

article: fighting erupted in two russian republics of ingushetia and dagestan bordering breakaway chechnya , russian news agencies reported early tuesday .
ref: fighting erupts in two russian republics
dec: fighting erupts in russian republics bordering chechnya

article: four people were killed over on sunday by insurgents in thailand 's muslim-dominated south , reported bangkok post on monday .
ref: unrest in southern thailand claimed # lives over weekend
dec: four killed in muslim-dominated south in thailand

article: dozens of chinese scientists observed a solar eclipse today in thailand and the nansha islands in the south china sea .
ref: chinese scientists observe total solar eclipse
dec: chinese scientists hold solar eclipse in thailand

article: the price index at tunis stock exchange closed at ##,### points monday , up #.## percent from thursday 's finish .
ref: tunis stock exchange index up
dec: tunis stock exchange index up

article: french tennis ace paul-henri mathieu has decided to skip the upcoming doha atp tennis event due to an abdominal injury .
ref: french mathieu skips doha atp tennis
dec: mathieu to skip doha tennis event

article: foreign minister shimon peres on sunday criticized syria 's attitude following israel 's breakthrough in peace negotiations with jordan .
ref: peres hits out at syria
dec: peres criticizes syria 's attitude on peace talks

article: south korean stocks finished higher monday on brisk foreign and program buying , up for a second session .
ref: s. korean stocks markets finish higher
dec: s. korean stocks end higher

article: knight transportation inc. shares fell # to ## #\/# after industry analysts downgraded the truckload carrier 's stock .
ref: knight transportation shares fall ## % on analysts downgrade
dec: knight transportation shares fall on stock buyback

article: mexican stocks closed unchanged wednesday as last-minute gains in u.s. markets were offset by pressures from local profit-takers .
ref: stocks flat in mexico venezuela ; other latin markets slide
dec: mexican stocks close unchanged

article: a group of scientists have developed a bacteria that can make spider 's web `` silk '' .
ref: bacteria developed to produce spider silk
dec: scientists develop bacteria on silk silk

article: england soccer team manager sven - goran eriksson has called for camera to assist referees during matches .
ref: eriksson calls for technology to help referees
dec: eriksson calls for camera to assist referees

article: devils general manager lou lamoriello did not like what had happened to his team 's a-line .
ref: devils trade arnott for stars nieuwendyk
dec: devils ponder options

article: houston astros first baseman jeff bagwell was named the national league player of the week .
ref: astros jeff bagwell named national league player of the week
dec: bagwell named national league player of the week

article: british stocks opened higher on thursday on the london stock exchange .
ref: british stock exchange opens higher
dec: british stock exchange opens higher

article: you just never know which rock-and-roll legend you 're going to run into in the checkout line of a <unk> <unk> in columbia , s.c. one of our far-flung correspondents found himself face to face the other day with chubby checker , who 's hawking a new line of snack foods , including chocolate <unk> and hot twist beef jerky .
ref: twisting away at the <unk> <unk>
dec: the chubby checker faces a new line of snack foods

article: for the cook , lunch on thanksgiving day is usually had standing over the stove -- maybe a handful of chips , a few crackers , or marshmallows that have n't been baked into casseroles or pie , a nibble on a fingernail and a few swallows -lrb- or glasses -rrb- of wine .
ref: dips to sustain the holiday cook
dec: wine thrives in thanksgiving day

article: in less than a year , the california earthquake authority has become the world 's largest quake insurer with $ ## billion in exposure , topping the $ ## billion covered by the new zealand earthquake commission , the cea 's top official told the los angeles daily news editorial board wednesday .
ref: cea tops earthquake insurers
dec: california earthquake authority becomes world 's largest quake insurer

article: the justice department indicted the nation 's largest muslim charity and seven of its top officials on charges of funneling $ ##.# million over six years to individuals and groups associated with the islamic resistance movement , or hamas , a palestinian group that the u.s. government says is a terrorist organization .
ref: muslim charity faces terror funding charge
dec: u.s. indicts muslim charity for $ ##.# million

article: two muslims were killed and five injured when at least one of several bombs they were handling exploded in gujarat state monday _ a day before parliament was to debate the government 's handling of two months of sectarian violence there that has left at least ### dead .
ref: four killed ahead of parliament debate on government handling of
dec: two muslims killed in bombs in gujarat state

article: canto-pop superstar nicholas tse 's bad driving got him into more trouble as he pleaded guilty thursday to speeding and lost his license for a year _ just days before tse faces a hearing to determine whether he should go to jail in a car crash coverup plot .
ref: more trouble on the road as embattled canto-pop singer nicholas tse convicted of speeding
dec: canto-pop superstar tse pleads guilty to speeding

article: the ##th ministerial session of the united nations conference on trade and development -lrb- unctad -rrb- was formally inaugurated here on monday , aimed at pushing for a fairer international trade system and reducing poverty among developing nations , in particular the least developed countries -lrb- ldcs -rrb- .
ref: unctad ministerial session formally inaugurated
dec: unctad formally inaugurated ministerial session on trade system

article: the blowout of an engine on qantas flight ## on thursday was the latest in a series of problems involving rolls-royce engines and analysts said it raised serious questions about the company 's ability to develop the engines for the newest generation of commercial and military airplanes .
ref: new worries for jet engine maker after qantas blowout christopher drew contributed reporting
dec: rolls-royce blowout blowout in problems with rolls-royce

article: jayson williams , the former new jersey nets star charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of a limousine driver , tried to put the dead man 's palm and fingerprints on the weapon used in the shooting , sports illustrated reports in this week 's issue .
ref: magazine says williams tried to fake prints
dec: former nets star charged with fingerprints on shooting

article: police ran down leads and the royal navy was on alert thursday in the search for toga , an <unk> baby penguin stolen from an isle of wight zoo saturday night , creating a national soap opera rivaling elton john 's gay wedding for media coverage .
ref: search for <unk> the penguin takes a dark turn
dec: royal navy on alert for gay wedding

article: the governor of the central bank in sao tome and principe , maria do carmo silveira , was named tuesday as the country 's new prime minister to replace <unk> vaz d'almeida , who resigned last week in a dispute over a contentious oil deal .
ref: sao tome 's central bank governor named new pm
dec: sao tome governor named new prime minister to replace d'almeida

article: an indian court that heard a stunning confession from the lone surviving gunman in the mumbai attacks put a gag order on his latest testimony -- a message to his handlers in pakistan and a description of the indoctrination he received before coming to india .
ref: mumbai gunman describes indoctrination in pakistan
dec: indian court orders gag order on testimony of mumbai gunman

article: speaking hours after pope john paul ii appeared at a holocaust memorial in israel , the head of the reform jewish movement in america has criticized jewish organizations for failing to acknowledge the tremendous progress made in catholic-jewish relations during this pope 's tenure .
ref: rabbi hits jewish critics clouded view of pope
dec: jewish head criticizes jewish organizations for holocaust memorial

article: after a week when israel ended its ##-day siege of bethlehem , but suffered another suicide bombing costing ## israeli lives , prime minister ariel sharon is under acute pressure as he calculates whether and in what degree to attack the gaza strip .
ref: poised against gaza israel weighs options
dec: sharon suffers another suicide bombing

article: raytheon co. is working toward a settlement with federal regulators by the end of september that resolves three remaining antitrust concerns about its $ #.# billion acquisition of general motors corp. 's hughes electronics business , said a person familiar with the review .
ref: <unk> negotiating pact to resolve antitrust concerns
dec: raytheon working toward settlement with federal regulators

article: the bulk of the record #,### kg of illegal drugs that was burned in public wednesday , in a show of government resolve to crack down on the production and use of banned substances , was marijuana , according to the investigation bureau .
ref: government burns record volume of illegal drugs
dec: bulk of record #,### kg of illegal drugs

article: the relic of <unk> , a famous chinese monk who traveled to india some #,### years ago , has been moved into a new memorial hall at nalanda of north indian state bihar , according to the director of nalanda university sunday .
ref: relic of famous chinese monk moved to new memorial hall in north india
dec: chinese monk moved into new memorial hall in north india

article: banque generale du luxembourg -lrb- <unk> -rrb- , a subsidiary of generale de banque in brussels , said friday it posted a consolidated net profit for financial #### of #.## billion luxembourg francs , up more than ## percent from financial #### .
ref: luxembourg 's banque generale posts profit rise
dec: banque generale du luxembourg posts consolidated net profit

article: british prime minister tony blair carried a potentially strong hand into talks on iraq with russian president vladimir putin on thursday evening amid signs that the kremlin may be softening its opposition as the united states and britain push for tough action .
ref: britain 's blair has strong cards in hand for talks with putin on iraq
dec: blair says strong hand into talks on iraq with putin

article: a diplomatic convoy arrived wednesday at yasser arafat 's compound in apparent preparation for transferring six wanted men to a west bank prison , paving the way for the palestinian leader 's release from israeli confinement , a palestinian official said .
ref: convoy arrives to carry out prisoner transfer from yasser arafat 's
dec: diplomatic convoy arrives in arafat for transferring wanted men to west bank prison

article: as congress began rewriting the law on wednesday in response to the enron debacle , harvey l. pitt , the chairman of the securities and exchange commission , urged lawmakers to reject a raft of democratic proposals restricting the accounting industry .
ref: <unk> reforms <unk> their way through congress
dec: sec urges lawmakers to reject democratic proposals on accounting industry

article: as beijing approaches its unbearably hot summer , the beijing development and reform commission is turning off its previously running around-the-clock air conditioners for ## hours per day , in an attempt to appeal to the whole society to save electricity .
ref: government takes lead to turn off air conditioners to save electricity
dec: beijing turning off air conditioners

article: myanmar 's state media on tuesday blacked out the news of opposition leader aung san suu kyi 's release from house arrest , which was hailed by world leaders as a first step toward restoring democracy after years of military rule .
ref: state media blacks out news of suu kyi release despite praise from
dec: myanmar media reject news of suu kyi 's release

article: president george w. bush called on israel on saturday to withdraw without delay from palestinian cities it has occupied in its military campaign and insisted again that the palestinian leadership order an immediate cease-fire and crack down on terrorist activity .
ref: bush calls on israel to withdraw without delay from palestinian
dec: bush calls on israel to withdraw without delay in palestinian cities

article: the bush administration on thursday introduced a revised security council resolution demanding that sudan arrest and prosecute arab militia leaders responsible for committing abuses in darfur or face unspecified u.n. sanctions if it fails to comply within ## days .
ref: u.s. demands sudan arrest militia
dec: u.s. proposes revised security council resolution on sudan

article: an international salvage crew will try to save a cargo ship which tore two large holes in its hull when it stuck rocks tuesday near the entrance to bluff harbor in southern new zealand , maritime safety officials said .
ref: bulk carrier runs aground in southern new zealand
dec: international salvage crew to try to save cargo ship in new zealand

article: london , april # -lrb- xinhua -rrb- - some #,### serbs and britons on saturday continued to protest in front of the british prime minister 's office here , demanding an end to nato 's air strikes against yugoslavia .
ref: britons and serbs keep on protests against nato
dec: #,### serbs britons continue to protest in nato office

article: a male nurse employed by a london children 's hospital was sentenced friday to five years in prison for maltreating infants and , on at least one occasion , throwing a newborn against a wall , fracturing her skull .
ref: male nurse gets # years for throwing infant against wall
dec: male nurse sentenced to five years in prison for maltreating infants

article: fueled by fears of a resurgence of anti-semitism , thousands of people marched to rome 's ancient jewish ghetto monday in reply to a series of pro-palestinian demonstrations , including one that included people dressed as suicide bombers .
ref: thousands march in support of israel to counter pro-palestinian
dec: thousands march to reply to pro-palestinian demonstrations

article: cannes best actor winner tony leung chiu-wai broke his left arm while sparring with martial arts instructors as he prepared to portray bruce lee 's kung fu master in a wong kar-wai movie , a publicist said tuesday .
ref: tony leung breaks arm in training for kung fu film
dec: cannes best actor winner to portray martial arts instructors

article: four sets of human remains , believed to be those of american soldiers missing in action from the korean war , have been found at old battle sites in north korea , the u.s. defense department said thursday .
ref: probable remains of u.s. servicemen recovered in north korea
dec: four sets of human remains found at old battle sites in north korea

article: <unk> , an israeli oil and gas exploration firm , announced thursday that it had struck a mixture of methane and water at its esther #a site near kibbutz <unk> mordechai , in the north of the country .
ref: israel announces gas find in north
dec: israeli oil firm says it foiled methane water in #a site in kibbutz

article: gazprom , the biggest producer and exporter of gas in the world , said on friday that it had sold ##.# percent of its stock to the state which now owned more than ## percent of the group .
ref: russian state gains control of gazprom
dec: gazprom says sold ##.# percent of stock to the state

article: germany 's interior minister said friday that a laptop case rigged with wires , a clock and a detonator found at a namibian airport was really a mock bomb built in the united states to test airport security .
ref: device found at namibia airport designed to test security
dec: german interior minister says case really mock bomb in namibian airport

article: in a largely formal vote that paves the way for the radical restructuring of yugoslavia , the serbian parliament tuesday endorsed an eu-backed agreement aimed at reshaping the existing <unk> federation into a union of two semi-independent states .
ref: serbian parliament endorses agreement on new <unk>
dec: serbian parliament endorses eu-backed agreement

article: travel services company cendant corp. on wednesday said it swung to a loss in the second quarter on hefty reorganization costs associated with the breakup of the company into four businesses , falling short of wall street expectations .
ref: travel services company cendant swings to #q loss on charges
dec: cendant swings to loss in second quarter

article: the former governor of the bosnian people 's bank and his two colleagues were indicted monday by sarajevo procuratorate on charges of abusing power , practising graft and causing great economic damage , the bosnian news agency reports .
ref: bosnian bank governor sued for graft
dec: former bosnian bank governor indicted on charges of abusing power

article: germany 's foreign minister set off monday on a middle east trip that will include talks with syria 's leaders aimed at persuading the country to play what berlin termed a `` constructive '' role in the region .
ref: german foreign minister to seek constructive syrian role on new mideast trip
dec: german foreign minister sets off on middle east trip

article: india on wednesday unveiled the draft of its first ever law aimed at protecting women from sexual harassment in the workplace , a decade after the supreme court ordered action following the rape of a social worker .
ref: india readies law to punish sex harassment at work
dec: india unveils first ever law aimed at protecting women from sexual harassment

article: at festivities promoting the release of the super nintendo version of `` killer instinct , '' a popular martial arts arcade game , #,### video-game players crowded into a nightclub for teen-agers in san jose , calif. .
ref: invasion of the girls surprises video-game makers
dec: martial arts players promote release of killer instinct

article: the united nations general assembly has approved a budget of some #.## billion us dollars to finance the world body 's ## active peacekeeping missions for the next ## months , a un press release said thursday .
ref: un general assembly adopts peacekeeping budget for next ## months
dec: u.n. general assembly passes budget to finance peacekeeping missions

article: an australian man held as a suspected terrorist at a us military base in cuba was cleared as a security risk by australian police just a month before his arrest in pakistan , it was reported tuesday .
ref: australian police cleared guantanamo terrorist suspect says report
dec: australian man cleared as security risk at us base in cuba

article: amid the public hand-wringing and <unk> the mighty ducks endured when paul kariya signed with the colorado avalanche this month , general manager bryan murray absorbed the flak and set out to somehow make the ducks better .
ref: mighty ducks make mighty move snag fedorov
dec: murray aims to somehow ducks better

article: u.s. aluminum giant alcoa said wednesday that its ### million kroner -lrb- us$ ##.# million -rrb- bid to buy a controlling stake in the norwegian metals group elkem asa failed after it was blocked by key shareholders .
ref: alcoa fails to gain control of norwegian aluminum group elkem
dec: alcoa says bid to buy controlling stake in norwegian metals group fails

article: on the eve of her husband 's formal selection as the democratic presidential nominee , teresa heinz kerry on tuesday night offered a full-throated defense of him -- and of her own sometimes controversial public style .
ref: democrats line up to praise kerry assail gop
dec: kerry touts defense of public style

article: congress leader fabian alarcon was sworn in as ecuador 's interim president after lawmakers elected him to the post , ending six days of political chaos that began when abdala bucaram was ousted for mental <unk> .
ref: new president of ecuador sworn in six-day crisis ends
dec: ecuador congress leader sworn in as interim president

article: the media has a critical role in building democracy in the balkans by separating facts from the propaganda that led to a decade of wars , a key official of a leading media watchdog said friday .
ref: leader of press watchdog group says media critical to democracy in
dec: media watchdog says media has critical role in building democracy in balkans

article: monsignor celestino <unk> , a veteran diplomat currently serving as the vatican 's deputy foreign minister , was appointed by the pope wednesday to head the vatican observer mission at the united nations in new york .
ref: veteran diplomat named to vatican 's u.n. post
dec: vatican diplomat named to head vatican observer mission

article: vivendi universal reported a strong first-half performance in its media and telecommunications divisions wednesday _ signs of a mounting recovery by the french media giant after hovering on the verge of bankruptcy just a year ago .
ref: a year after coming close to bankruptcy french media giant vivendi posts improved performance
dec: vivendi universal reports first-half performance in media divisions

article: a federal judge says a video hookup could be the solution to a legal dilemma : how to give lawyers for american-born taliban soldier john walker lindh access to taliban and al-qaida captives held in cuba .
ref: judge in lindh case weighing options for allowing interviews of
dec: judge says video hookup could be solution to legal dilemma

article: northwest china 's xinjiang uygur autonomous region registered a total of #.### billion yuan in tax revenues in the first half of this year , up ## percent compared to the same period of last year .
ref: xinjiang sees <unk> increase in first half
dec: xinjiang sees #.### billion yuan in tax revenues

article: colombia 's far-right paramilitary organization , the united self defense forces of colombia -lrb- auc -rrb- , said on wednesday that a guerrilla leader known as <unk> ordered the massacre of ## peasants in northeastern colombia .
ref: colombian paramilitaries blame guerrilla chief for massacre of peasants
dec: colombian guerrilla leader ordered massacre in colombia

article: two medical organizations recommended tuesday the array comparative genomic <unk> -lrb- array <unk> -rrb- analysis as a method for <unk> whether pregnancy should be allowed to continue if genetic defects are found in the fetus .
ref: <unk> analysis recommended for monitoring late pregnancy
dec: medical organizations recommend analysis on genetic defects

article: a young computer hacker was fined ##,### francs -lrb- ##,### dollars -rrb- wednesday over a scam in which he mounted up ###,### dollars in phone bills paid for by the fbi , judicial sources said .
ref: hacker convicted over fbi phone scam
dec: young computer hacker fined over scam

article: the united states has imposed sanctions against companies in china , armenia and moldova for allegedly selling to iran items that could benefit its development of weapons of mass destruction , an official said thursday .
ref: sanctions imposed against companies in three countries
dec: u.s. imposes sanctions against companies in iran

article: despite some reports , usc has not made a decision whether to take fordham forward jeff mcmillan , who is looking to transfer and has already been turned down by several big east schools .
ref: fordham transfer not a trojan yet
dec: usc has not made decision whether to take fordham

article: some of the media stars whose names appear on the list of the ### `` friends '' of president bill clinton who slept at the white house , have denied any conflict of interest .
ref: media stars see no problem with their white house nights
dec: media stars deny conflict of interest

article: french labor union leader marc blondel , who spearheaded the #### public sector strike against the current center-right government , said he wo n't take sides for the parliamentary election due in a month .
ref: french labor union leader to stay neutral in election campaign
dec: french labor union leader says wo n't take sides for election

article: democrats and republicans in the senate held competing news conferences and produced conflicting statistics thursday as each side battled to demonstrate that the other was behaving <unk> in considering candidates for the federal bench .
ref: democrats and the gop stage dramatic battle over judgeships
dec: democrats republicans dominate news conferences

article: yasser arafat has condemned terrorism several times in recent months , but it has n't stopped the palestinian suicide bombings against israel , and there were few expectations that this time would be different .
ref: arafat 's previous condemnations have not halted bombings with bc-us-mideast
dec: arafat condemns terrorism

article: the ex-communist palestine people 's party -lrb- ppp -rrb- rejects any compromise to be made with israel if the latter continues military aggression , a senior party official told xinhua here on tuesday .
ref: palestine people 's party rejects compromise with israel
dec: palestine party rejects compromise to be made with israel

article: three members of the church of scientology are suing the christian democratic union , headed by chancellor helmut kohl , for expelling them from the party , the bonn regional court said friday .
ref: scientologists sue german ruling party
dec: three scientology members suing christian democratic union

article: argentine goalkeeper xavier klimowicz has received documents nationalizing him as ecuadorian , and will be registered as a player in the ecuadorian soccer federation on friday , according to friday 's ecuadorian media .
ref: ecuador nationalizes second argentine goalkeeper
dec: argentine goalkeeper receives documents from ecuadorian

article: deep dismay and outrage _ and more than a touch of nationalism _ engulfed romania on friday after a draw with denmark dashed its hopes of a place in the euro #### finals .
ref: romanians in deep dismay after draw with denmark in euro #### qualifying
dec: romania faces nationalism after draw with denmark hopes for euro #### finals

article: sudan 's government lifted a ban on relief flights to the southern equatoria region sunday after it and southern rebels signed a cease-fire , the commissioner for humanitarian relief told the associated press .
ref: sudan lifts ban on relief flights to <unk>
dec: sudan lifts ban on relief flights

article: chinese archaeologists have found a rare gold-plated silver symbol plate dating back to the yuan dynasty -lrb- ####-#### -rrb- in <unk> county near this capital of north china 's inner mongolia autonomous region .
ref: ancient silver symbol plate found in north china
dec: rare silver symbol plate found in inner mongolia

article: miss denmark on wednesday joined an international boycott of the miss world pageant to protest a sentence of death by stoning imposed on a nigerian muslim woman accused of having sex outside marriage .
ref: denmark joins international boycott of miss world pageant
dec: miss denmark joins international boycott of miss world pageant

article: public hearings opened in sweden on thursday into the government 's <unk> handling of the december #### tsunami crisis and in which prime minister goeran persson and his foreign minister are to testify .
ref: swedish pm fm to testify in tsunami crisis hearings
dec: public hearings open in sweden tsunami crisis

article: leader of the democratic party of the left -lrb- pds -rrb- massimo d'alema was on wednesday elected head of a parliamentary committee which will draw up plans to reform the ##-year-old italian constitution .
ref: massimo d'alema to head body on italian constitutional reform
dec: democratic party leader elected head of parliamentary committee on italian constitution

article: a peruvian prosecutor has filed homicide charges against ex-spy chief vladimiro montesinos and ## army officers for the alleged execution of three leftist rebels after they surrendered in a dramatic #### hostage rescue .
ref: homicide charges filed against former spy chief and ## army
dec: peruvian prosecutor files homicide charges against ex-spy chief for execution of rebels

article: stocks were littled changed in early trading thursday , as investors refrained from making major moves following the release of a weak jobless claims report and an earnings warning from advanced micro devices .
ref: stocks mixed in early trading
dec: stocks littled changed in early trading

article: sri lanka 's main opposition said here tuesday that it had resolved to urge the government to come up with its political package by middle of march as means to end ethnic strife .
ref: sri lankan opposition urges gov t to end ethnic strife
dec: sri lanka opposition resolves to urge government to come up with political package

article: iran urged western powers saturday not to refer a dispute over its nuclear program to the un security council , arguing talks with russia on a potential compromise needed `` more time '' .
ref: iran wants more time for talks in nuclear dispute
dec: iran urges western powers not to refer dispute over nuclear program

article: the incoming palestinian prime minister said wednesday he will offer israel a comprehensive truce , and palestinian officials said the militant group hamas has signaled it might agree to stop attacks on israelis .
ref: palestinian pm-designate presses truce offer hamas said interested
dec: incoming palestinian prime minister to offer israel truce

article: liberia 's new president ellen johnson sirleaf tuesday directed officials of the transitional government whose term ended when she took power to stay in the country during an audit of their offices .
ref: liberia 's president bans travel for former government officials
dec: liberia 's new president begs transitional government

article: in this season of gift-giving , macy 's has decided that some members of its sales staff should give the company a christmas present _ as much as half of their commissions .
ref: macy 's marks down some workers holiday sales commissions
dec: macy 's decides to give christmas present

article: voters in a central england seat returned their incumbent main opposition conservative party lawmaker , it was announced friday , in their general election ballot delayed by the death of a candidate .
ref: opposition holds seat in final british general election result
dec: central england voters return opposition conservative party lawmaker

article: the european parliament called wednesday on the eu 's ## member states to back a tentative agreement with the united states aimed at injecting competition into the vast transatlantic air transport market .
ref: eu parliament backs transatlantic aviation deal
dec: eu parliament calls on eu to back tentative agreement with air transport market

article: when the dallas burn opened its major league soccer season two weeks ago against new england , it was short three <unk> players and forward dante washington , who had the flu .
ref: short-handed burn welcomes midfielder
dec: burn has flu threat

article: a swiss citizen contested thursday the decision by the swiss government to set up a fund for the victims of the holocaust , arguing that the move was an admission of guilt .
ref: swiss man to contest government 's move to set up holocaust fund
dec: swiss citizen rejects swiss decision to set up fund for holocaust victims

article: dr. julian szekely , a metallurgist and professor of materials engineering at the massachusetts institute of technology , died on thursday , dec. # , at the mit in-patient unit in cambridge .
ref: julian <unk> ## <unk> and mit professor
dec: julian szekely ## massachusetts professor of materials engineering

article: jason dickson all but wrapped up a spot in the starting rotation with his performance in the angels ' #-# victory over the oakland a 's tuesday afternoon at tempe diablo stadium .
ref: dickson impressive in victory
dec: dickson pitches angels past oakland

article: the <unk> brothers -- who took ## people , including eight un workers , hostage earlier this month -- have attacked tajik opposition positions outside dushanbe , an opposition member said tuesday .
ref: warlord brothers fight opposition in tajikistan
dec: <unk> brothers attacked tajik opposition positions

article: president chen shui-bian said wednesday that he would have difficulty handing over the reins of the nation to someone who is known to hold permanent u.s. residence , or `` green card .
ref: president says he 's reluctant to hand over to green card holder
dec: president vows to have difficulty handing over green card

article: the australian stock exchange market closed higher friday as the benchmark s&amp;p \/ asx ### index put on #.# points to #,###.# and the all ordinaries index rose #.# points to #,###.# .
ref: australian stock market closes higher
dec: australian stock market closes higher

article: china appears headed for the asian games basketball final , after which chinese officials are expected to clarify no. # draft pick yao ming 's status in the national basketball association .
ref: basketball waits for asian games final to hear about yao 's nba future
dec: china headed for asian games basketball final

article: fu quanyou , chief of the general staff of the chinese people 's liberation army , met here today with cambodia 's co-ministers of defense tea banh and prince sisowath <unk> .
ref: senior army official meets cambodian defense ministers
dec: senior chief of general staff meets cambodia guest

article: three people died as a result of torrential rains that swept through germany overnight , triggering flooding and mudslides that forced officials to close off numerous roadways , police said tuesday .
ref: three dead after torrential rains hit germany
dec: three killed in torrential rains in germany

article: twenty-four supporters of malaysia 's former deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim , will be remanded for violent street demonstrations in the capital wednesday , the official news agency bernama reported thursday .
ref: ## anwar supporters remanded in malaysia
dec: twenty-four supporters of malaysia 's former deputy prime minister to be remanded for violent street

article: bangladesh captain khaled mashud won the toss and elected to send south africa in to bat friday at buffalo park in the first of two test matches between the two countries .
ref: bangladesh wins toss in first test against south africa
dec: bangladesh wins toss elects to send south africa in to bat in test matches

article: in the late ####s , washington decided to make a priority of shutting off the pipeline of cocaine from colombia , which provided ## percent of the united states ' supply .
ref: the u.s. struggle to battle drugs just drugs in colombia
dec: washington to make priority of shutting off pipeline from colombia

article: the united nations said monday it hopes thailand and laos will soon find ways to reunite ## hmong children who were expelled from thailand with their parents in a refugee camp .
ref: un hopeful of <unk> talks over ## hmong refugee children
dec: u.n. hopes thailand laos to find ways to reunite hmong children

article: canadian consumer prices were up #.# percent from a year ago in february , mostly due to higher food , gasoline and home ownership costs , statistics canada said tuesday .
ref: surge in housing gasoline drive up inflation in canada
dec: canadian consumer prices up #.# percent in february

article: a provincial government worker who lost his job returned to his office with a gun , taking hostages in a standoff that left three men dead , police said wednesday .
ref: three die in hostage-taking in british columbia government office
dec: provincial government worker taking hostages in standoff

article: athens olympic gold medallist jeremy wariner signalled his world championship intentions in the ###m here saturday as he took the us title in a #### world-leading time of ##.## sec .
ref: wariner richards top #### world times in us championship ###m finals
dec: wariner aims for world championship intentions

article: french open champion gaston gaudio beat spaniard david ferrer #-# on saturday to face fellow argentine guillermo canas in the final of the mercedes cup atp tennis tournament in stuttgart .
ref: gaudio plays canas in all-argentine stuttgart final
dec: gaudio beats ferrer to face canas in mercedes cup

article: after a months-long investigation , a judge on wednesday declared he has found no reason to try carlos menem after the former president admitted he opened a swiss bank account .
ref: argentine judge says no reason to try menem for swiss bank account
dec: judge says no reason to try menem for bank account

article: zimbabwe 's opposition movement for democratic change -lrb- mdc -rrb- on tuesday claimed that a senior official was abducted at gunpoint after attending a memorial service of a slain activist .
ref: opposition claim official abducted
dec: zimbabwe opposition movement claims senior official abducted at gunpoint

article: angolan president eduardo dos santos and his counterparts from both congos mapped out a common strategy in politics , foreign affairs , military and economics during their meeting here monday .
ref: angolan and congolese leaders meet over security
dec: angolan president emphasizes common strategy in politics

article: new barcelona manager bobby robson will offer ## million pounds -lrb- dlrs ##.# million -rrb- to move england international alan shearer to spain from the english premier league team blackburn .
ref: new barcelona manager bobby robson says he will pursue shearer
dec: robson to offer shearer to spain

article: nine arab men have been arrested on charges of laundering more than us$ ## million using forged documents through ## phantom companies , romanian authorities were quoted as saying tuesday .
ref: six arab men accused of laundering more than us$ ## million
dec: nine arab men arrested on charges of laundering

article: `` forrest gump '' swept the oscar nominations tuesday , and its star , tom hanks , became the fourth actor in history to win consecutive nominations as best actor .
ref: forrest gump sweeps oscar nominations
dec: forrest gump wins oscar nominations

article: the football league will press ahead with legal action against carlton communications and granada if there is no settlement in the crisis over itv digital , the league said tuesday .
ref: football league threatens legal action against itv digital
dec: football league to press ahead with legal action against carlton communications

article: the un security council will hold a ministerial session on the situation in africa 's great lakes region late this month , <unk> 's un envoy augustine <unk> said wednesday .
ref: security council to hold ministerial session on africa 's great lakes
dec: un security council to hold ministerial session on great lakes situation

article: chiquita brands international inc. has agreed to pay a ## million dollar fine in a plea agreement for making payments to paramilitaries in colombia , the us-based fruit giant said .
ref: chiquita agrees to big fine for paying colombia paramilitaries
dec: chiquita to pay ## million dollar fine for colombia paramilitaries

article: terrorists aiming to sow large-scale destruction may eye smaller targets for a while , hoping the world will let down its guard , according to a confidential interpol report .
ref: terror groups may focus on <unk> acts hoping to wait out war on terror interpol says
dec: interpol report says terrorists may eye smaller targets

article: british supermodel naomi campbell is to spend a week mopping floors at a new york city warehouse for hitting her maid with a mobile phone , prosecutors said wednesday .
ref: naomi campbell to scrub new york floors over phone rage incident
dec: naomi campbell to spend floors at new york city warehouse for maid

article: more than ### researchers and senior executives from pharmaceutical businesses and research bodies worldwide gathered here to attend the international summit on drugs from natural products which opened tuesday .
ref: international natural products drugs meeting opens in beijing
dec: pharmaceutical researchers gather to attend international summit on drugs

article: a grim-faced o.j. simpson was back in court tuesday as a legal battle swirled around the exact time of a telephone call nicole simpson had before her grizzly murder .
ref: o.j. simpson 's fate may hang on a telephone call
dec: o.j. simpson back in court over simpson murder

article: china on thursday rejected us criticisms of its rights record and issued its own annual report pointing out us human rights failings both at home and on foreign soil .
ref: china hits back at us on human rights
dec: china rejects us criticisms of rights record

article: the australian sharemarket thursday limped to a higher close in a truncated session ahead of the easter long weekend , drawing support from a surge in the japanese market .
ref: australian stocks close higher
dec: australian sharemarket closes higher

article: after about four minutes of saturday 's second-round ncaa east regional game , kentucky forward tayshaun prince had a feeling he could be on his way to something big .
ref: tulsa has no answer for kentucky 's prince
dec: prince prince tries to something big

article: shots were fired near the british embassy in the iranian capital , tehran , for the second time in a week early tuesday morning , the foreign office said .
ref: shots fired near british embassy in tehran
dec: shots fired near british embassy in iran

article: a judge on tuesday blocked the execution of a convicted murderer in trinidad and tobago , saying he has already been subjected to cruel and inhuman punishment in prison .
ref: trinidad and tobago judge blocks execution of convicted murderer
dec: judge blocks execution of convicted murderer in trinidad

article: new zealand progressed to ## runs but lost two wickets before lunch on the second day of the first test against the west indies at lancaster park here saturday .
ref: nz reach ##-# against west indies
dec: new zealand lose two wickets before lunch vs. west indies

article: swaziland 's main opposition leader , who has been jailed for seven months , has fallen seriously ill with diabetes and high blood pressure , his wife said tuesday .
ref: arrested swazi opposition leader falls ill
dec: swaziland opposition leader dies with diabetes

article: the average entry-level monthly salary expected by new graduates with master 's or doctoral degrees is nt$ #,### higher than actually be offered , a job bank said sunday .
ref: starting salaries offered to masters phds lower than expected
dec: new salary salary expected for new graduates

article: the major european stock markets ended lower thursday as doubts about earnings growth prospects put the skids under european shares , with tech issues sap and stmicroelectronics hit most .
ref: major european stock markets end lower
dec: major european stock markets end lower

article: china will draft a law to protect private firms and strengthen regulations on taxation aimed at such firms , according to a prominent figure in the nation 's legislature .
ref: china to draft law protecting private firms
dec: china to draft law to protect private firms

article: beijing on sunday launched the official emblem for the #### olympics as the clock began ticking on the five-year countdown to the hosting of china 's first ever games .
ref: beijing olympics build-up gains speed with official emblem launch
dec: beijing launches official emblem for #### olympics

article: bruno <unk> , one of croatia 's early industrial designers , has died at the age of ## and was buried friday , the state-run news agency hina reported .
ref: one of croatia 's first industrial designers bruno <unk> dies
dec: croatia industrial designers dies

article: rio tinto has sold a division of its alcan unit for $ #.# billion as it continues to reduce debt , the anglo-australian miner said in a statement monday .
ref: rio tinto offloads alcan division for $ #.# billion
dec: rio tinto sells alcan unit for $ #.# billion

article: french coach jacques santini admitted that his side had to work hard for the #-# victory against switzerland in their <unk> euro #### group b match on monday .
ref: santini admits france 's win uneasy
dec: santini admits to work hard for switzerland victory vs. switzerland

article: german luxury car maker audi ag posted strong gains in group sales and pre-tax profit in the first six months of the year , the company reported friday .
ref: audi car maker 's profit surges
dec: audi posts strong gains in group sales profit

article: firefighters , rescue teams , planes and helicopters from ## european nations fanned out at this wilderness area friday for a joint civil emergency exercise guided by nato .
ref: ## european countries take part in nato-led civil emergency
dec: european nations gather for joint civil emergency exercise

article: the dollar held firm against major currencies in slow mid-afternoon trading tuesday amid a lack of fresh leads after earlier short covering ran its course , dealers said .
ref: dollar holds firm in mid-afternoon tokyo trade
dec: dollar holds firm in slow mid-afternoon trading

article: investors traded cautiously monday , continuing their buying from last week 's two-day rally , but largely refraining from major moves following a weekend bomb attack in indonesia .
ref: stocks rise modestly following last week 's big rally
dec: investors cautious after bomb attack in indonesia

article: a strong earthquake with magnitude of #.# rocked eastern part of indonesia on monday , no casualty or damage reported , the meteorology and geophysics agency said here .
ref: powerful earthquake hits eastern indonesia
dec: strong earthquake hits eastern indonesia

article: responding to allegations it supported hamas terrorists , a palestinian group operating in germany said thursday that it is a humanitarian aid organization and has no political ties .
ref: palestinian group in germany denies helping hamas
dec: palestinian group says it has humanitarian aid organization in germany

article: the asean summit in bangkok will focus on speeding up the implementation of a free-trade area and the liberalization of financial services , the bangkok post reported today .
ref: asean summit to focus on free trade services
dec: asean summit to focus on free-trade area

article: seven people were killed and ## injured in three bomb explosions in urumqi , the capital of northwest china 's moslem-majority xinjiang province , official sources said wednesday .
ref: seven dead ## injured in bomb explosions in china 's xinjiang
dec: seven killed in bomb explosions in northwest china

article: the palestinian parliament has decided to hold a confidence vote on unpopular prime minister mahmoud abbas , officials said , taking a major step toward his possible ouster .
ref: parliament set to hold confidence vote that could oust unpopular prime minister
dec: palestinian parliament decides to hold confidence vote on abbas

article: the international committee of the red cross in bosnia demanded friday that a suspected war criminal 's wife resign her post as the head of an affiliated organization .
ref: icrc demands that karadzic 's wife resign her post in affiliated
dec: red cross demands suspected war criminal 's wife resign

article: india won the toss and decided to field sunday in the <unk> of the third one-day cricket international against sri lanka at colombo 's sinhalese sports club ground .
ref: bc-sports-cricket-sri lanka-india india decides to field after winning toss
dec: india wins toss in <unk> vs. sri lanka

article: wall street gets another clue today as to just how strong the economic recovery is _ or is n't _ with the latest unemployment and job growth reports .
ref: key economic clues expected today
dec: wall street gets another clue

article: the pakistani karate federation -lrb- <unk> -rrb- monday named a ten-member squad which will take part in the #th south asian games being organized in kathmandu , nepal .
ref: pak announces karate team for saf games
dec: pakistan names ten-member squad for south asian games

article: trading in shares of switzerland 's struggling national airline was suspended monday , amid mounting speculation that the company will announce a lifesaving deal with another carrier .
ref: trading in swiss carrier 's stock suspended as deal speculation mounts
dec: trading in switzerland airline shares suspended

article: several hundred people gathered saturday in the eastern german city of dresden to honor a pregnant egyptian pharmacist fatally stabbed by a russian-born immigrant in a courtroom .
ref: german city holds memorial for egyptian mother
dec: hundred people gather to honor pregnant egyptian pharmacist

article: police acting on orders from the judge who indicted osama bin laden over the sept. ## attacks arrested three more suspects on thursday , news reports said .
ref: spain 's garzon orders more arrests in al-qaida case
dec: police arrest three more suspects in bin laden case

article: iran 's top nuclear negotiator said on sunday he had briefed saudi leaders on the islamic republic 's nuclear program , which he insisted was `` peaceful .
ref: iran envoy briefs saudis on peaceful nuclear program
dec: iran nuclear negotiator briefed saudi leaders on nuclear program

article: sixteen people died instantly while two others were in critical condition on saturday when their omnibus overturned several times before plunging into a swamp by the roadside .
ref: ## people killed in road accident in eastern uganda
dec: ## killed in swamp in brazil

article: yugoslav border guards killed two ethnic albanians and injured one last friday when they tried to cross illegally into albania , a yugoslav army statement said sunday .
ref: yugoslav guards kill two albanians trying to cross into albania
dec: yugoslav border guards kill two ethnic albanians

article: a federal judge friday ordered the deportation of a naturalized u.s. citizen who officials said served as an armed guard at slave-labor camps during world war ii .
ref: federal judge orders deportation to ukraine of man believed to have guarded nazi camps
dec: judge orders deportation of naturalized u.s. citizen

article: kim gevaert completed a sprint double when she won the women 's ### meters on a remarkable friday night for belgian athletes at the european championships .
ref: belgium 's gevaert completes sprint double at europeans
dec: kim gevaert wins women 's ### meters at european championships

article: police minister moshe shahal opened the first border police station in a jewish settlement on the gaza strip on tuesday in a bid to improve security .
ref: israel opens first police station in gaza settlement
dec: police minister opens first border police station in gaza settlement

article: with an ##-year record of political assassinations and suicide bombings , sri lanka 's tamil rebels take no chances with the security of their own leader .
ref: sri lankan rebels check journalists from teeth to toes before news
dec: sri lanka tamil rebels take no chances with security

article: janet yellen , chief economic adviser to president bill clinton became the latest administration official to raise a question about the state of the japanese economy .
ref: cea 's yellen says u.s.
dec: clinton chief to raise question of economy

article: german auto group volkswagen has fired an employee suspected of corruption , vw spokesman klaus <unk> said on thursday , without disclosing the man 's identity .
ref: volkswagen gives the boot to employee suspected of corruption
dec: volkswagen fires employee suspected of corruption

article: italy captain fabio cannavaro says he will not expect any favors from juventus coach ciro ferrara when the defender begins his second spell with the club .
ref: cannavaro expects no favors from ferrara
dec: cannavaro says he will not expect any favors from juventus coach ferrara

article: the government confirmed on friday that preliminary talks with tamil tiger rebels , originally scheduled for may , will be held in mid-june in thailand .
ref: sri lankan government confirms thailand talks to be held mid-june norwegian peace negotiators to meet president
dec: government confirms preliminary talks with tamil tiger rebels in thailand

article: hundreds of tourists and local residents were evacuated late monday as a forest fire swept through resorts in northern greece , destroying homes and cars .
ref: tourists evacuated as fire rages in northern greece
dec: hundreds evacuated after forest fire in northern greece

article: the owner of a popular skate park caught two teen-age vandals trashing his business and then allegedly barked out threats before revving up his jigsaw .
ref: skate park owner confronted vandals faces charges
dec: skate park owner faces threats

article: a working unit of the g# industrialized countries meets here this week to discuss russian nuclear issues including the deadly chernobyl reactor in the ukraine .
ref: g# set to meet on russian nuclear security
dec: g# working unit to discuss russian nuclear issues with chernobyl reactor

article: zinedine zidane 's left thigh injury may worry france even more than the defending champion 's narrow #-# win over minnow south korea on sunday .
ref: seriousness of zidane 's thigh injury a mystery but some express
dec: zidane may worry france past south korea #-# in south korea

article: goldman sachs group inc. said tuesday its second-quarter profit easily surpassed expectations as profit was buoyed by strength in its trading and underwriting businesses .
ref: goldman sachs earnings easily surpass expectations
dec: goldman sachs #nd-quarter profit jumps

article: the united states has established diplomatic relations with montenegro after an exchange of letters between president george w. bush and montenegrin president filip vujanovic .
ref: u.s. montenegro establish diplomatic ties
dec: u.s. establishes diplomatic relations with montenegro

article: shaquille o'neal will star in a tv series where the nba center will challenge top athletes such as michael phelps in their respective sports .
ref: shaq to star in tv sports reality series
dec: o'neal to star in tv series

article: turkish air force commander ilhan kilic said on thursday greece has opened its air space to turkish cargo planes carrying humanitarian aid to albania .
ref: greece opens air space for turkish cargo planes
dec: turkey opens air space to turkish cargo planes

article: canadian foreign minister peter mackay issued a statement on monday condemning the bomb blast that occurred on a train from india to pakistan .
ref: canada condemns bomb attack on india-pakistan train
dec: canada condemns bomb blast in pakistan

article: taiwan share prices closed up #.## percent monday after wall street made a comeback at the end of last week , dealers said .
ref: taiwan shares close up #.## percent
dec: taiwan shares close up #.## percent

article: visiting russian president vladimir putin reiterates wednesday that the united nations should lead the way in rebuilding iraq , reports reaching here said .
ref: russian president reiterates un role in rebuilding iraq
dec: putin reiterates u.n. should lead in rebuilding iraq

article: i have cooked all around this dish for the last ## years ; sometimes the simplest variations are the ones that get away .
ref: minting a pasta dish for summer
dec: the simplest variations on this dish

article: share prices were slightly lower on the tokyo stock exchange friday morning , with the key nikkei average falling ##.## points to ##,###.## .
ref: nikkei marginally lower dollar at ###.##-## yen in tokyo morning
dec: tokyo stocks close lower

article: brad faxon 's journey to the rarefied levels of major championship golf took root on the putting green at rhode island cc .
ref: faxon is still a greens monster
dec: faxon takes root on putting green at championship

article: delta air lines and china airlines have postponed selling seats on each others ' flights as the asian carrier investigates a crash .
ref: delta china airlines delay plan to sell seats on each other 's
dec: delta china postponed selling seats on flights

article: five caribbean foreign ministers are traveling to haiti to meet with leaders of the interim government tuesday , reports reaching here said .
ref: caribbean foreign ministers to visit haiti
dec: caribbean foreign ministers visit haiti

article: filippo inzaghi scored early in the first half as italy tied serbia-montenegro #-# wednesday and moved closer to qualifying for euro #### .
ref: italy ties serbia-montenegro #-# in euro #### qualifying
dec: italy beats serbia-montenegro #-# in euro

article: all blacks rugby coach john hart admits his unsettled team is vulnerable to defeat in saturday 's opening tri-series test against australia .
ref: all blacks vulnerable says coach hart
dec: all blacks coach vulnerable to defeat in tri-series test

article: the european union 's top justice official urged eu nations thursday to crack down on international trafficking of women forced into prostitution .
ref: eu targets trafficking of women for prostitution
dec: eu official urges eu to crack down on international trafficking of women

article: the proposed tax cuts in the house republican contract with america are threatening to open up a rift among gop governors .
ref: republican contract threatening to open up rift among gop governors
dec: tax cuts threatening to open rift in gop contract

article: uganda celebrates the ##th anniversary of the ruling national resistance movement -lrb- nrm -rrb- with an unprecedented function here tuesday morning .
ref: uganda celebrates ##th anniversary of ruling party
dec: uganda celebrates ##th anniversary of ruling national resistance movement

article: us software giant microsoft agreed monday to beef up information technology in vietnam 's schools and businesses while emphasizing copyright protection .
ref: gates agrees to help vietnam 's technology drive
dec: microsoft to beef up information technology in vietnam

article: lisbon , august ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- german champions bayern munich beat benfica #-# in a soccer friendly on tuesday .
ref: bayern munich beat benfica in soccer friendly
dec: bayern beats benfica #-# in soccer friendly

article: international olympic committee president juan antonio samaranch called for government help on monday in helping to erase drug use in sport .
ref: olympic chief calls for government help in war on drugs
dec: samaranch calls for government help to erase drug use

article: russia 's newest nuclear reactor was shut down automatically wednesday after a malfunction in a steam valve , plant officials said .
ref: russia 's newest nuclear reactor shut down after valve malfunction
dec: russia 's newest nuclear reactor shut down

article: houston rockets forward antoine carr strained his right knee during practice tuesday and will be sidelined , the team announced today .
ref: rockets forward carr strains knee in practice
dec: rockets carr has knee sprain

article: bahrain 's emir sheikh isa bin salman al-khalifa has expressed regret over the delays of the middle east peace process .
ref: bahrain emir expresses regret over delays of peace process
dec: bahrain emir regrets delays of peace process

article: official rangoon radio on tuesday night confirmed that karen rebels had fled their stronghold at <unk> on the thai-burma border .
ref: rangoon radio confirms seizure of rebel stronghold at <unk>
dec: rangoon confirms karen rebels flee stronghold

article: president vicente fox on wednesday called crime mexico 's most serious problem and unveiled a nationwide effort to combat it .
ref: mexican president says fight against crime top priority
dec: fox calls crime mexico serious problem

article: sudan 's first vice-president ali othman taha arrived here wednesday for talks on latest developments in sudanese peace process .
ref: sudanese vice-president in cairo to seek support for peace process
dec: sudan vice-president arrives in sudanese for talks

article: greece 's government on wednesday presented a new law it hopes will prevent monopolies from controlling emerging broadcast media .
ref: government present broadcast regulation plan
dec: greece unveils new law hopes to prevent monopolies from broadcast media

article: new orleans hornets forward chris andersen was thrown out of the national basketball association on friday for drug use .
ref: hornets andersen thrown out of nba for drug use
dec: andersen thrown out for drug use

article: mexican midfielder benjamin galindo scored three goals on wednesday in a friendly game that ended his ##-year soccer career .
ref: benjamin galindo scores three goals in final game in mexico
dec: galindo scores three goals in friendly game

article: lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo are the modern gods of a game played in every land on the planet .
ref: genius has company in soccer greats messi and ronaldo
dec: messi ronaldo modern gods of game

article: malaysian stocks were mixed amid concern the currency 's weakness and high interest rates will eat into profit growth .
ref: malaysian stocks mixed amid concern over currency growth
dec: malaysian stocks mixed amid concern interest rates will eat profit growth

article: customs agents discovered an extra ingredient in a shipment of colombian coffee : nearly a half-ton of cocaine .
ref: colombian coffee comes with smuggled cocaine
dec: customs agents discover extra ingredient in shipment of colombian coffee

article: two earthquakes measuring #.# and #.# on the richter scale jolted taiwan friday , the seismology center said .
ref: two earthquakes shake taiwan
dec: two earthquakes shake taiwan

article: u.s. president bill clinton saturday renewed his support for widening nato to include east and central european countries .
ref: clinton renews support for widening nato
dec: clinton renews support for widening nato

article: a rain-triggered landslide has left six villagers dead and two others missing in indonesia 's banten province tuesday .
ref: # killed in indonesian landslide
dec: landslide kills six villagers in indonesia

article: visiting chinese premier li peng met here today with peruvian prime minister and minister of education dante cordova .
ref: chinese premier meets peruvian counterpart
dec: chinese premier meets peruvian prime minister

article: hong kong stocks moved down ###.## points , or #.## percent , to close at #####.## on wednesday .
ref: hong kong stocks close lower feb. ##
dec: hong kong stocks close lower

article: authorities monday announced plans to liquidate <unk> , the venezuelan airline in which iberia holds a majority share .
ref: venezuela 's viasa airline to be liquidated
dec: authorities announce plans to liquidate venezuelan airline

article: german president johannes rau flew into hong kong on monday following a state visit to mainland china .
ref: german president arrives in hong kong
dec: german president arrives in hong kong

article: what : <unk> , a computer screen saver made from the <unk> art of jenny holzer .
ref: an unorthodox computer screen saver
dec: computer screen saver thrives

article: share prices in taiwan rose #.# percent wednesday as investors sought electrical and construction issues .
ref: taipei shares close #.# percent firmer
dec: taipei shares close #.# percent higher

article: a senior church of england bishop has angered gay-rights campaigners by saying homosexuals should repent .
ref: church of england bishop says gays should repent
dec: england bishop criticizes gay-rights campaigners

article: no pun intended , but mark whiten leaves his mark almost everywhere he goes .
ref: mark whiten thrives on instability
dec: whiten thrives with the mark

article: it has been a dizzying few weeks for women in the workplace .
ref: women still discriminated against in the workplace study finds
dec: women in workplace

article: brett lindros learned that concussions are n't like other sports injuries .
ref: nhl players get tests to help measure recovery from concussions
dec: lindros speaks on concussions

article: the last month has redefined the video game business worldwide .
ref: nintendo 's game boy continues to dominate hand-held video game
dec: video game business focuses on video game

article: the codex <unk> commission , an international food <unk> body established by the food and agriculture organization of the united nations -lrb- fao -rrb- and the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- , convened its ##th session here on monday , amid calls for it to implement recommendations made by the two organizations .
ref: fao who call for quicker adoption of food standards
dec: international food commission convenes ##th session

article: as directors of turner broadcasting system inc. prepared to meet in new york on thursday to discuss the proposed $ # billion merger with time warner inc. , new demands by two cable companies on the turner board threatened to delay a vote , according to sources close to the talks .
ref: cable companies threaten to delay vote on turner time warner deal
dec: turner threatened to discuss merger with time warner

article: britain 's goods trade deficit increased in august to #.# billion pounds -lrb- us$ #.# billion -rrb- , from #.# billion pounds -lrb- us$ #.# billion -rrb- the previous month , due largely to a fall in exports within the european union , the government said wednesday .
ref: british trade deficit increases
dec: britain 's goods trade deficit increases in august

article: initial autopsies showed that ## bodies found in the kosovo village of racak were those of armed ethnic albanians who died in fighting last weekend , not civilians as claimed by osce chief inspector william walker , a local judge told the tanjug news agency tuesday .
ref: judge says bodies in kosovo killing belong to ethnic fighters
dec: ## bodies found in kosovo village village

article: the nepali government decided to adopt a <unk> week in the kathmandu valley starting from august ## , working hours will be # a.m. to # p.m. during summer and # a.m. to # p.m. during the four winter months , the kathmandu post reported thursday .
ref: <unk> week to be implemented in nepal
dec: nepali government to adopt <unk> week in kathmandu valley

article: the european union has drawn up a list of imports from the united states , worth about $ #.# billion annually , to penalize in retaliation for the bush administration 's imposition of tariffs of up to ## percent on some imported steel this week .
ref: european union to retaliate against u.s.
dec: eu sets up list of imports from u.s.

article: four french nationals detained by the united states in its prison complex at guantanamo bay , in cuba , were handed over to the french authorities on tuesday and will arrive in paris later in the day , the foreign ministry said in a statement .
ref: four french guantanamo detainees repatriated
dec: four french nationals handed over to guantanamo

article: house minority leader nancy pelosi 's embrace wednesday of a rapid withdrawal from iraq highlighted the democratic party 's fissures on war policy , putting the house 's top democrat at odds with her second in command while upsetting a consensus developing in the senate .
ref: house democrats divided on future in iraq ;
dec: pelosi 's embrace of withdrawal from iraq highlights democratic party fissures on war policy

article: the italian government 's resolve to create a more flexible labor market is coming under increasing resistance from the nation 's traditionally powerful labor unions , threatening to unleash the worst labor trouble in decades and challenging the government of prime minister silvio berlusconi .
ref: italy 's move toward flexible labor meets growing resistance
dec: italian government faces resistance from labor unions

article: the kenyan government on thursday extended by ## days a june ## registration deadline for thousands of illegal immigrants and asylum-seekers that had seen throngs of foreigners overwhelm the local office of the un high commissioner for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- to avoid deportation .
ref: kenya extends registration deadline for illegal immigrants refugees
dec: kenya extends registration deadline for illegal immigrants

article: police smashed a nigerian-led scam that reaped up to ## million euros -lrb- $ ##.# million -rrb- by duping internet chat enthusiasts and other victims into paying seed money for access to safety deposit boxes supposedly full of dollars , the government said wednesday .
ref: spanish police break up confidence gang accused of duping americans and others of $ ## million
dec: police smash nigerian-led scam

article: a bus carrying junior high school students ran off a road and plunged ### meters -lrb- ### feet -rrb- into a river in southwestern china , killing at least two children and leaving ## people missing , a government news agency reported thursday .
ref: bus falls into chinese river killing two children and leaving ## people missing
dec: two children killed in bus accident in china

article: heads of luxembourg 's political parties were to meet friday to decide whether they think the july ## referendum on the eu constitution should go ahead in the grand duchy after european leaders extended the ratification deadline following french and dutch no votes .
ref: luxembourg party leaders to decide on fate of referendum
dec: luxembourg political parties to meet on referendum referendum

article: the world food program -lrb- wfp -rrb- said tuesday that it is scaling up its relief operations to meet the massive challenge of getting enough food into the war-torn darfur region of western sudan to feed people uprooted from their homes by conflict .
ref: wfp scales up relief operations in darfur of sudan
dec: wfp cuts relief operations to meet darfur challenge

article: pasta giant barilla agreed tuesday to buy german baker kamps for more than # billion euros -lrb- dlrs ### million -rrb- , winning the approval of kamps ' management with an improved bid for europe 's biggest baker , the german company said .
ref: pasta giant barilla agrees to buy german baker kamps after raising
dec: barilla to buy german baker kamps for # billion euros

article: east china 's jiangsu province , which boasts several popular tourist attractions , hosted ##.## million tourists , including ###,### from abroad , during the first six months of this year , up about ## percent from the corresponding period of last year .
ref: east china province draws tourists
dec: jiangsu lures ##.## million tourists in east china

article: israel 's supreme court told the army sunday that it must give the palestinians the bodies of those killed in this refugee camp , while the army gave journalists a limited tour of the devastation and denied that mass killings took place .
ref: israeli court says army must hand over palestinian bodies with bc-us-mideast
dec: israel court says it must give palestinians bodies of refugee camp

article: chen <unk> , a peasant protest leader in southern china whose struggle was the subject of a washington post article nov. ## , was detained by police and has been in custody since dec. # , a peasant rights group reported friday .
ref: chinese peasant protest <unk> in jail
dec: peasant protest leader detained in southern china

article: the tanzanian government is to table a new income tax legislation before the national assembly in order to improve tax administration and give the tanzania revenue authority powers to crack down on tax evaders , local newspaper daily news reported on friday .
ref: tanzanian to table tougher income tax law
dec: tanzania to table new income tax legislation

article: the world 's two top-ranked teams moved safely into the semi-finals of the women 's hellas open on saturday night as local hopes evaporated in the opening event on the #### swatch-fivb world tour beach volleyball on the greek island of rhodes .
ref: favorites through to hellas open women 's beach volleyball semis
dec: u.s. teams move safely into semi-finals at women 's hellas open

article: <unk> international inc. , which designs and markets interactive electronic bingo for halls across the country , filed for the sale of #.# million common shares in an initial public offering that will sell new investors almost ## percent of the company .
ref: <unk> international files for sale of #.# mln shares in ipo
dec: <unk> files for sale of common shares

article: ousted president manuel zelaya held out hope for a negotiated solution to honduras ' deepening political crisis even after talks in costa rica fell apart , but vowed to prepare the way for his return to power regardless of their outcome .
ref: zelaya prepares return to honduras as talks stall
dec: zelaya holds hope for negotiated solution to honduras crisis

article: hong kong , january # -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- yana klochkova from ukraine won the women 's ### meters individual medley event with a time of two minutes ##.## seconds at the world cup short-course swimming meeting here on saturday .
ref: ukrainian wins women 's ###m individual medley at world cup
dec: klochkova wins women 's ### meters individual medley event

article: a ugandan magistrate has summoned the wife of opposition leader kizza besigye and a lawmaker to answer charges of libel and giving false information that allegedly implicated president yoweri museveni in bribing court officials , an official document showed wednesday .
ref: wife of ugandan opposition leader lawmaker face libel charges in museveni 's bribery claims
dec: ugandan magistrate summons wife of opposition leader to answer charges of libel

article: the ## mercenaries involved in an aborted coup in the african island state of comoros were deported to paris by a concorde transport plane in the custody of the french army late friday night and are now under investigation .
ref: comorian coup mercenaries deported to france
dec: ## mercenaries deported to paris from concorde custody

article: spain and poland will stand their ground on one of the most divisive issues facing european union leaders when they meet in rome later this week to discuss a pioneer european constitution , polish president aleksander kwasniewski said tuesday .
ref: spanish and polish leaders brace for disagreements at european summit
dec: spain poland to stand ground on european constitution

article: the bush administration , facing a july # deadline when war crimes could be prosecuted by a new world criminal court , is stepping up efforts to exempt american troops and other us officials from the tribunal 's jurisdiction .
ref: us trying to exempt americans from war tribunal
dec: u.s. stepping up efforts to exempt american troops from war crimes

article: as if the ucla bruins do n't have enough to worry about this week with iowa state , all-american marcus fizer and the pressure of a sweet ## showdown , there 's the small matter of ... final exams .
ref: iowa state wo n't be bruins only test
dec: bruins face tough test

article: the lifestyle guru who helped prime minister tony blair 's wife choose her clothes and involved her in an embarrassing deal with a con man , is weighing offers to write a book , her agent said monday .
ref: aide to prime minister 's wife causes concern with prospect of memoirs
dec: lifestyle guru weighing offers to write book

article: a $ ### million lawsuit accuses top clergy in brooklyn 's roman catholic diocese of sexual abuse and says the diocese shuffled abusive priests from parish to parish in an alleged cover-up that lasted more than four decades .
ref: new york sex abuse lawsuit names top clergy brooklyn diocese in alleged coverup
dec: $ ### million lawsuit accuses clergy in brooklyn diocese

article: oil-rich abu dhabi will become the first gulf arab city to host a production of verdi 's `` aida '' later this month as it forges ahead with a drive to become a top - notch tourism destination .
ref: abu dhabi to host gulf premiere of aida
dec: abu dhabi to host production of verdi aida

article: signaling a sharp acceleration of health care costs across the industry , kaiser permanente , the united states ' biggest health maintenance organization , said tuesday it plans to seek double-digit increases in health insurance rates next year .
ref: kaiser permanente plans double-digit increase in insurance rates
dec: kaiser to seek double-digit increases in health insurance rates

article: the u.n. security council commended eritrea and ethiopia on tuesday for accepting an international panel 's ruling on their disputed border and secretary-general kofi annan called it `` a very important milestone '' on the road to peace .
ref: security council and secretary-general commend eritrea and ethiopia
dec: security council commends eritrea ethiopia for panel 's ruling on border

article: asia 's first unmanned aerial vehicle -lrb- uav -rrb- powered by a fuel cell and lithium battery hybrid made its maiden flight in southern taiwan thursday , marking a milestone in taiwan 's development of <unk> drone aircraft .
ref: asia 's first <unk> drone makes maiden flight
dec: asia 's first unmanned aerial vehicle makes maiden flight in taiwan

article: iraq 's u.n. ambassador said monday an agreement prohibiting surprise inspections of presidential sites should remain in effect _ not because iraq is hiding weapons in the complexes but because they are symbols of the country 's sovereignty .
ref: iraq 's u.n. ambassador says agreement prohibiting surprise inspections of presidential sites should remain in effect
dec: iraq ambassador says agreement prevents inspections of presidential sites

article: the gold price in hong kong rose ## hk dollars at #,### hk dollars a tael saturday , according to the bank of china -lrb- hong kong -rrb- , one of the major gold dealers in hong kong .
ref: gold price in hong kong higher
dec: gold price in hong kong up

article: enron lawyers began raising questions with senior company officers in october #### about trading strategies that enron was using in the california electricity market , and concluded in december #### that the tactics were `` potentially criminal .
ref: testimony shows enron waited to stop questionable trading
dec: enron lawyers start raising questions with trading strategies on enron

article: a cook who claims he was fired by a fancy restaurant when co-workers discovered he was a woman living as a man is protected by new york state 's human rights law , a judge has ruled .
ref: judge says new york state law protects transgendered people
dec: judge rules cook behind human rights law

article: ireland began one of its biggest security operations on thursday for the first visit to the country by us president george w. bush , who would arrive in western ireland on friday for a two-day us-eu summit .
ref: ireland tightens security for bush 's visit
dec: ireland begins security operations for bush visit

article: the managing director of the warburg investment bank , lord cairns , has resigned and his functions have been taken over by the chairman of the bank sir david <unk> , the bank said on monday .
ref: warburg managing director resigns
dec: warburg investment bank director resigns

article: french chemicals giant rhone-poulenc denied friday that a fire had erupted at one of its us factories as reported by us police and plant employees , but conceded that there had been a release of gas .
ref: french firm denies fire admits gas released at its us chemical plant
dec: rhone-poulenc denies fire at us factories

article: uzbek legal officials said thursday that ### people died in shooting during a demonstration in the eastern city of andijan last month , a figure dismissed by human rights groups as far below the real figure .
ref: official probe says ### died in uzbekistan unrest
dec: uzbek legal officials say ### people killed in shooting in andijan

article: the bush administration is making clear to yasser arafat and others in the palestinian authority that it wants the next palestinian prime minister to have the political and security muscle to crack down on terrorist groups .
ref: administration wants palestinians to give prime minister tools to take on terror groups with bc-me-gen israel-palestinians
dec: u.s. making clear to yasser arafat on palestinian authority

article: gunmen from the revolutionary armed forces of colombia -lrb- farc -rrb- killed ## peasants and injured five others tuesday at a ranch in one of colombia 's biggest cocaine - producing areas , colombian authorities said .
ref: colombian rebels storm ranch kill ## peasants
dec: farc gunmen kill ## peasants in colombia

article: mexican president vicente fox pressed for un reform and called for tighter <unk> industrial cooperation tuesday as he kicked off the first visit to russia by a mexican leader since the soviet union 's #### collapse .
ref: mexico 's fox seeks un reform industrial cooperation with russia
dec: mexican president calls for un reform

article: california lawmakers are wrangling over new indian gambling pacts that would give the state an infusion of cash -- $ # billion now , then up to ## percent annually of the tribes ' slot-machine take .
ref: connecticut sets fine example for california
dec: california lawmakers wrangling over indian gambling pacts

article: atlanta - three-fourths of the ### georgia tech students accused of cheating on homework last fall were found guilty and sanctioned during an investigation that has led to a major change in the school 's policy .
ref: ### tech students guilty of cheating
dec: three-fourths of georgia students found guilty of cheating on homework

article: barbara schett kept austria 's fed cup hopes alive thursday with a #-# , #-# -lrb- # -rrb- #-# semifinal win over conchita martinez , wearing down the veteran spaniard in a grueling hardcourt match .
ref: schett keeps austria alive in fed cup with win over spain 's martinez
dec: schett keeps austria fed cup hopes alive

article: lebanon and syria urged the european union on wednesday to block israel from attending next week 's eu-mediterranean foreign ministers meeting because of its military campaign in palestinian areas , lebanon 's foreign minister said .
ref: lebanon and syria urge eu to suspend israeli participation in
dec: lebanon syria urge eu to block israel from foreign ministers meeting

article: a former chairman of south korea 's largest liquor maker has been arrested on charges of misappropriating and embezzling ###.## billion won -lrb- us$ ### million -rrb- of company funds , a newspaper reported wednesday .
ref: former liquor baron arrested in south korea on corruption charges
dec: former south korea liquor maker arrested on charges of misappropriating

article: the tajik authorities moved wednesday to fulfil the demands of gunmen holding ## hostages , sending two helicopters to neighbouring afghanistan to pick up supporters of tajik warlord <unk> <unk> , military officials said here .
ref: tajik authorities move to fulfil hostage-takers demands
dec: tajik authorities move to fulfil demands of gunmen

article: papua new guinea 's defense minister accused secessionist rebels on friday of trying to stop an estimated ##,### civilians from leaving a remote region of bougainville ahead of a military strike on the strife-torn island .
ref: minister says rebels stopping villagers leaving before military strike
dec: new guinea defense minister accuses secessionist rebels of trying to stop civilians

article: dublin has expressed `` concern '' to london over the detention in a high - security jail of a <unk> pregnant suspected ira member , being detained awaiting extradition to germany , officials said thursday .
ref: dublin concerned over detention of pregnant suspect in britain
dec: dublin expresses concern to london over jail jail

article: li said china and canada have enjoyed sound developments in bilateral relations in recent years , and that canadian prime minister jean chretien 's visit to china last november enhanced that bilateral friendly cooperation .
ref: top legislator meets canadian guests
dec: li says china canada visit to china

article: flooding near the romania 's black sea coast on monday claimed the life of a woman who was swept away by surging waters when the bridge she was standing on collapsed , officials said .
ref: flooding near romania 's black sea coast claims one life
dec: flooding claims life of woman woman in romania

article: gertrude mongella , secretary-general of the forth world conference on women -lrb- fwcw -rrb- , today called on governments of various countries to take actions to implement the decisions made in beijing last month .
ref: mongella calls for action on women issues
dec: fwcw chief calls for actions to implement decisions in beijing

article: canadian government bonds were little changed after a speech by federal reserve chairman alan greenspan late friday renewed expectations that the federal reserve may lift lending rates again before the end of the year .
ref: canada bonds little changed as traders mull greenspan 's remarks
dec: canadian bonds little changed after greenspan speech

article: pro-iranian hezbollah guerrillas killed three israeli soldiers and wounded three others monday in a rocket attack on a patrol in israel 's `` security zone '' in southern lebanon , a militia spokesman said .
ref: guerrillas kill three israeli soldiers in rocket attack
dec: hezbollah guerrillas kill three israeli soldiers in southern lebanon

article: israel 's supreme court has ordered held in a <unk> hospital the israeli woman who posted leaflets in the west bank depicting the muslim prophet mohammed as a pig , official said tuesday .
ref: court orders jewish extremist held in hospital
dec: israel court orders held in israeli hospital for leaflets

article: a renegade tajik military commander reported a new clash friday between his troops and government forces and warned of a fresh round of violence if his conditions for stepping down are not met .
ref: renegade tajik commander reports new clashes with government
dec: tajik military commander reports new clash

article: the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- showed concerns thursday over the `` extremely serious '' situation in the northern gaza strip town of beit hanoun following an israeli incursion .
ref: icrc concerned about humanitarian situation in northern gaza
dec: icrc concerned over situation in gaza town

article: montana and idaho are moving to host the first open gray wolf hunts in the lower ## states after the animal 's removal from the endangered list across much of the northern rockies .
ref: us states ready for first open wolf hunts
dec: montana idaho to host first open gray wolf hunts

article: powered by a batch of surprisingly good earnings reports , stocks barreled higher tuesday , with the dow jones industrials soaring more than ### points for a four-day gain of nearly #,### points .
ref: stocks surge tuesday on earnings from citigroup gm and johnson &amp; johnson
dec: stocks surge on earnings rumors

article: since sept. ## , #### , president george w. bush and congress have provided $ ##.# billion to the defense department for operations in iraq and afghanistan and worldwide pentagon efforts against terrorism .
ref: how iraq war 's cost compares with bc-na-gen us-iraq
dec: bush congress offer $ ##.# billion to defense department for operations in iraq afghanistan

article: troubled by the successful cloning of a sheep in scotland , president bill clinton has ordered a special panel to review the ethical implications of the breakthrough , the white house said monday .
ref: clinton calls for bioethics review of troubling sheep clone
dec: clinton orders special panel to review cloning cloning

article: the saudi interior ministry said friday that a wanted militant and a security member were killed in fresh clashes between security forces and militants in riyadh late thursday , saudi news agency reported .
ref: two killed in riyadh shootout including one wanted militant
dec: saudi interior ministry says wanted militant killed in clashes in riyadh

article: montenegrins chose sunday between parties promising independence or a continued alliance with serbia , in parliamentary elections that will also decide what _ if anything _ will remain of the crumbling yugoslav federation .
ref: montenegrins to decide on future ties with serbia or independence
dec: montenegrins choose continued alliance with serbia

article: pape bouba diop gave senegal a surprising #-# lead at halftime over defending world cup champion france as the curtain came up friday on the world cup finals in the south korean capital .
ref: senegal takes #-# lead over world cup champion france into halftime
dec: senegal leads france #-# in world cup finals

article: severe floods and avalanches left at least ## people dead in western afghanistan , officials said monday , as nato choppers evacuated hundreds of villagers from flooded regions in the country 's south .
ref: floods avalanches kill ## in afghanistan
dec: ## people dead in western afghanistan

article: air france pilots have asked french crash investigators for details of the airline 's past problems with the speed sensors suspected of being a factor in the crash of air france flight ### .
ref: air france pilots demand probe into speed sensors
dec: air france pilots ask french crash investigators for crash

article: fidel castro vehemently denied american accusations that cuba is trying to develop biological weapons , calling the charges `` lies '' in a televised speech and saying his country has nothing to hide .
ref: castro denies u.s. charges that his country developing biological
dec: castro denies american accusations of cuba

article: china is ready to take the ##th anniversary of bilateral relations with albania as an opportunity to expand relations with albania in various areas , a senior chinese official said here monday .
ref: china says it will expand relations with albania
dec: china ready to take ##th anniversary of relations with albania

article: officials on monday inaugurated work at the former sachsenhausen concentration camp to turn the site into a vivid memorial to the `` total terror '' practiced against jews and others interned there .
ref: foundation stone laid at former sachsenhausen camp for vivid memorial to nazi terror
dec: officials launch work at former sachsenhausen camp to turn site into terror memorial

article: crude oil futures rose to a two - week high thursday amid concern a terrorist attack or other event that would limit supplies might occur during the long independence day holiday weekend .
ref: crude oil futures rise to #-week high in new york
dec: crude oil futures rise amid concern about terrorist attack

article: the radical shiite group hezbollah fired at israeli warplanes over southern lebanon on sunday , slightly wounding one person in northern israel , police on the two sides of the border said .
ref: hezbollah fires at israeli planes israel says one wounded in north
dec: hezbollah fires at israeli warplanes over southern lebanon

article: a teenager with a pistol who held four youngsters at a southwestern german school before surrendering to police had books on hostage-taking at home but no criminal record , authorities said saturday .
ref: german school hostage-taker sent to jail had books on hostage-taking
dec: teenager with pistol who held four youngsters on hostage-taking in german school

article: the bush administration is preparing to ask the united nations to transform the u.s.-led force in iraq to a multinational force and to play a leading role in forming an iraqi government .
ref: bush administration to ask u.n. to support multinational force in iraq
dec: u.s. preparing to ask u.n. to transform u.s.-led force in iraq

article: a general sales tax on scores of items and a substantial reduction in tariffs to boost exports featured in the first budget presented by prime minister benazir bhutto 's government on thursday .
ref: more taxes lower tariffs under bhutto government 's first budget
dec: general sales tax on tariffs to boost exports to boost exports

article: canadian authorities , fearing a terrorist attack during the #### winter olympic games in vancouver , will deploy a robust military contingent to protect the event , a local newspaper said tuesday .
ref: canada fears terror strike at winter olympics in vancouver
dec: canadian authorities to deploy robust military contingent to protect olympic games

article: the european union 's foreign policy and security chief on friday said he believed both sides in the middle east conflict would reach an agreement to send monitors into the region soon .
ref: eu security chief says agreement to send mideast monitors may be
dec: eu security chief says both sides in middle east conflict to reach agreement

article: indonesian share prices closed #.## percent higher wednesday with the benchmark index supported by gains in select commodity and cement stocks , while market leader telkom extended its falls , dealers said .
ref: jakarta shares close #.## percent higher
dec: jakarta shares close #.## percent higher

article: the archdiocese of new york issued a detailed defense tuesday of cardinal edward egan 's actions regarding a priest in connecticut who had been accused of sexually abusing minors in the ####s .
ref: aide defends egan 's action in priest case
dec: new york archdiocese issues defense of cardinal 's actions on priest

article: the head of the olympic council of asia has lashed out at a prominent member of the thai government for failing to make adequate preparations for hosting the #### asian games .
ref: asian sports official says thailand not ready to hold #### asian games
dec: olympic head criticises thai member for failing preparations for asian games

article: malaysian experts say they may have discovered a new species of <unk> , the world 's largest flower which is famous for its putrid smell , according to a report thursday .
ref: malaysia probes possible new species of world 's largest flower
dec: malaysian experts may have discovered new species of <unk>

article: general electric co. 's nbc network , microsoft corp. and the national football league will announce an internet site tied to the super bowl championship on monday , the companies said .
ref: microsoft nbc nfl to unveil super bowl project on monday
dec: microsoft microsoft to announce internet site tied to super bowl championship

article: a ##-seat passenger plane hit power lines as it was landing on a central philippines island wednesday , toppling poles that struck and killed at least one villager , officials said .
ref: at least one killed as philippine plane hits power cables on landing
dec: ##-seat passenger plane hits power lines in central philippines

article: anglo-australian mining giant bhp billiton halted production of copper on tuesday at its cerro colorado site in chile following an earthquake in the north of the country , the group said .
ref: bhp halts copper production at chile site after fatal earthquake
dec: bhp billiton halts production of copper in chile

article: q. is there something special we should be doing to make sure our <unk> fully blooms every year ? for a few years it spread a lot and bloomed quite well .
ref: helping <unk> beat the heat
dec: the <unk> fully blooms

article: ireland 's largest bank in terms of assets , the bank of ireland , announced monday that it has proposed to abbey national plc that the two companies combine their business .
ref: bank of ireland proposes combining with abbey national
dec: bank of ireland proposes to abbey national plc

article: oil prices skidded lower in asian trade tuesday as opec oil ministers were expected to keep current production ceilings , snubbing a call by iran to cut output , dealers said .
ref: oil prices fall in asian trade as opec keeps production ceiling
dec: oil prices ease in asian trade amid opec production warning

article: the chinese edition of the world heritage magazine of the united nations educational , scientific and cultural organization -lrb- unesco -rrb- , was launched here monday to cater to chinese-speaking readers .
ref: chinese edition of unesco magazine launched
dec: chinese edition of world heritage magazine launched to cater to chinese-speaking readers

article: venezuela 's supreme tribunal will intervene if it determines that new rules regulating a referendum on ending hugo chavez 's presidency are unconstitutional , the nation 's top judge said wednesday .
ref: venezuela 's top court to step in if rules on recall vote against president are unconstitutional
dec: venezuela tribunal to intervene if new rules on chavez referendum

article: us secretary of state madeleine albright arrives here saturday for a flying one-day visit officials say will focus on hopes for calming north-south korean tensions in the <unk> xiaoping era .
ref: albright 's visit to seoul to focus on north-south korea relations
dec: albright arrives for flying one-day visit

article: more than ### journalists from the xinhua news agency have lost their lives in the line of duty since xinhua was founded in #### , a recently published book reveals .
ref: book on xinhua journalists killed in past ## years
dec: ### journalists die in duty in xinhua

article: samoan prop forward <unk> johnston was banned from rugby for eight weeks sunday on a dangerous tackle charge arising from samoa 's ##-# loss to australia here at the weekend .
ref: samoan prop outed for eight weeks after citing
dec: johnston banned from rugby for eight weeks

article: the united states expressed hope tuesday that cuban leader fidel castro will use his influence to promote peace in colombia by being a mediator in that country 's civil war .
ref: u.s. hopes castro plays role for peace in colombia
dec: u.s. hopes castro to use influence to promote peace in colombia

article: italian car designer industries pininfarina s.p.a. is to hold talks with local firms with a few to entering india 's booming auto market , the press trust of india reported .
ref: italian auto designer pininfarina eyeing indian market
dec: italian car designer to hold talks with local firms in india

article: taiwan stocks closed higher on the taiwan stock exchange tuesday , with the weighted index , the market 's key barometer , moving up ##.## points to close at #,### .
ref: taiwan stocks close higher
dec: taiwan stocks close up

article: travel agencies and the municipal tourism department in shanghai launched a campaign to teach travelers how to behave when going abroad during spring festival , or chinese lunar new year .
ref: <unk> travelers trained to improve their behaviors during tours overseas
dec: shanghai launches campaign to teach travelers from spring festival

article: pakistan friday said in categorical terms that it reserves the right to raise the jammu and kashmir issue at international forums and that lahore declaration does not preclude this option .
ref: pakistan reserves right to raise kashmir issue at
dec: pakistan says reserves right to raise kashmir issue

article: a federal appeals court ruled that a federal court in connecticut must consider the tobacco industry 's lawsuit against connecticut , instead of deferring the case to a state court .
ref: federal court ca n't abstain from tobacco case court rules
dec: court rules court must consider tobacco lawsuit against connecticut

article: a small incendiary device went off in front of the greek labor ministry in central athens early thursday , injuring no one but causing some slight damage , police said .
ref: fire bomb goes off outside greek labor ministry no casualties
dec: small device explodes in greek labor ministry

article: chinese women biathletes were invincible in asian winter games biathlon tournament as china wrapped up five out of seven gold medals on offer at the beidahu ski resort on friday .
ref: air quality of major chinese cities feb. #
dec: chinese women biathletes invincible in biathlon tournament

article: hungary 's prime minister will visit bulgaria on friday to discuss the two countries ' economic ties and bulgaria 's bid to join the european union , officials said .
ref: hungarian pm to visit bulgaria friday
dec: hungarian prime minister to visit bulgaria to discuss economic ties

article: ralph <unk> , who served as chairman of the securities and exchange commission during the first two years of the eisenhower administration , died in pittsburgh on dec. ## .
ref: ralph <unk> ## former sec chairman
dec: ralph <unk> ## sec chairman

article: the un security council on tuesday condemned the assassination of lebanese journalist samir kassir , saying he was a symbol of the country 's `` political independence and freedom .
ref: un security council condemns assassination of journalist
dec: un security council condemns assassination of lebanese journalist

article: xu xiaogang , previously deputy director of jiangxi provincial bureau of public security , on wednesday stood an open-door trial for charges of taking bribes and illegally possessing firearms .
ref: former deputy police chief of jiangxi stands trial for taking bribes
dec: deputy director recounts trial for bribes

article: a garment wholesaler from taipei on the run from taiwan authorities has reportedly been kidnapped in xiamen , mainland china , sources from the peitou police station said thursday .
ref: taiwanese garment wholesaler reportedly abducted in m land china
dec: garment wholesaler kidnapped in xiamen

article: france welcomed friday a nato initiative which called for further cuts in conventional weapons in europe , but stressed that it would not be reducing its own military arsenal .
ref: france welcomes nato 's cfe proposal
dec: france welcomes nato initiative on europe

article: the imf 's top official praised algerian president abdelaziz bouteflika for his economic policies , saying he has taken the embattled north african country `` in the right direction .
ref: top imf official praises algerian president for economic policies
dec: imf official praises algerian president for economic policies

article: the israeli army raided the west bank city of ramallah overnight and intensified its deployment around the headquarters of besieged palestinian leader yasser arafat , palestinian sources said sunday .
ref: israeli army intensifies deployment around arafat compound
dec: israeli army raids west bank city of ramallah

article: the vice-president , who is also the minister of agriculture , made the remarks when appearing before a parliamentary select committee tuesday , radio uganda reported in the evening .
ref: ugandan vice-president admits responsibility in
dec: vice-president emphasizes remarks on parliamentary committee

article: germany on friday welcomed a u.s. offer to listen to suggestions for changes in a draft plan at the united nations seeking international troops and money for postwar iraq .
ref: germany welcomes u.s. openness to talks on iraq draft
dec: germany welcomes u.s. offer to suggestions for changes in draft plan on iraq

article: pakistan president pervez musharraf telephoned his afghan counterpart hamid karzai to defuse tensions over islamabad 's alleged failure to tackle taliban attacks from its soil , officials said wednesday .
ref: pakistan afghan presidents talk as tensions rise
dec: musharraf calls karzai to defuse tensions over taliban attacks

article: india 's defense minister said tuesday that members of osama bin laden 's al-qaida group and taliban fighters from afghanistan are just across the border in pakistan-controlled kashmir .
ref: indian defense minister says al-qaida taliban in pakistani-controlled kashmir
dec: india says al-qaida members just across border in kashmir

article: a house panel voted to bar u.s. cooperation with the new international war crimes tribunal , heeding critics of the court who said it would imperil american troops .
ref: house panel votes to bar u.s. participation with permanent war
dec: house panel votes to bar u.s. cooperation with war crimes tribunal

article: the bravo show , hosted by james lipton , has for nine years provided showbiz types the rare opportunity to discuss their craft without pimping their next whatever .
ref: nbc deserves a chorus of boos for dumbing down bravo
dec: bravo show offers showbiz types to discuss craft

article: a chemical found in green tea which inhibits the growth of new blood vessels in animals may explain why drinking green tea prevents cancer , researchers said wednesday .
ref: study explains why drinking green tea prevents cancer
dec: chemical found in green tea may explain cancer

article: a powerful earthquake which hit iran on friday imposed ### percent damage upon ## villages in the northern province of mazandaran , the official irna news agency reported .
ref: ## villages damaged in friday 's quake in iran
dec: powerful earthquake hits iran

article: russia on thursday urged the radical islamic movement hamas , which has apparently won the palestinian elections , to support a peaceful resolution of the middle east conflict .
ref: russia calls on hamas to choose peace
dec: russia urges hamas to support peaceful resolution of middle east conflict

article: opposition from the united states monday defeated a un security council draft resolution condemning last week 's attack by israeli forces on a hezbollah base in southern lebanon .
ref: us opposes israeli condemnation
dec: opposition defeats un draft resolution on hezbollah attack

article: the latest moves of multi - national banking groups to underpin their strategy for the chinese mainland and hong kong are to set up hong kong incorporated banks .
ref: locally incorporated hk banks on rise
dec: national banking groups to set up hong kong banks

article: share prices in london and paris rallied monday after sharp falls last week , but markets remained cautious overall in view of the difficulties facing the dollar .
ref: london paris shares rally slightly but markets remain cautious
dec: london share prices rally

article: sri lankan air force planes bombed a <unk> cargo ship in international waters off the island nation 's coast , the cuban foreign ministry confirmed late monday .
ref: cuba confirms sri lankan air force attack on cuban ship
dec: sri lankan air force planes bomb cargo ship

article: scientists say they have unearthed a clue to solving the mystery of <unk> disorder -- the trait characterized with humor on the tv detective series `` monk .
ref: study finds clue in <unk> disorder
dec: scientists uncover clue to solving mystery of <unk> disorder

article: the us hollywood star angelina jolie said here tuesday that she is proud and honored that cambodian prime minister hun sen will give her a cambodian citizenship .
ref: us actress to get cambodian citizenship
dec: angelina jolie says proud and honored cambodian prime minister to give cambodian citizenship

article: entrance to museums and ancient sites across greece will be free on saturday to mark an annual international day for museums , the culture ministry said wednesday .
ref: greece to make museum entry free to mark international day
dec: greece to be free to mark international day for museums

article: president george w. bush spoke by telephone friday with russian president vladimir putin and italian prime minister silvio berlusconi to voice his support for a nato-russia summit .
ref: bush tells russian italian leaders he supports nato-russia summit
dec: bush speaks with berlusconi to voice support for nato-russia summit

article: canada 's foreign minister on saturday called for palestinian leader yasser arafat to make his administration more democratic to strengthen its hand in negotiations with israel .
ref: canadian foreign minister urges palestinian authority to reform to
dec: canadian foreign minister calls for arafat to strengthen hand in negotiations with israel

article: a pakistani man convicted of killing a compatriot with a knife was beheaded sunday in eastern saudi arabia , the interior ministry said in a statement .
ref: pakistani man beheaded in saudi arabia for murder
dec: pakistani man beheaded for killing compatriot in saudi arabia

article: eu economic and monetary affairs commissioner joaquin almunia said monday german and french deficit troubles are not over yet , despite improvements in their fiscal situations .
ref: eu 's almunia says german french deficit troubles better but not over yet
dec: eu commissioner says german deficit troubles not over yet

article: grand champion asashoryu suffered his first setback of the autumn grand sumo tournament on thursday when he was thrown out of the ring by sekiwake wakanosato .
ref: mongolian asashoryu handed first defeat at autumn sumo
dec: asashoryu suffers first setback of autumn sumo tournament

article: the italian government has announced a series of measures to crackdown on serious crime after a wave of killings shocked the country in the new year .
ref: italy pledges greater commitment to fight against crime
dec: italy announces measures to crackdown on serious crime

article: the australian dollar backpedaled nearly half a u.s. cent wednesday , whittled away by a stronger u.s. dollar and a near ##-year low in copper prices .
ref: australian dollar backpedals nearly half a u.s. cent
dec: australian dollar ends higher

article: the hospital treating former israeli prime minister ariel sharon said wednesday he was in stable condition two days after being put on antibiotics for double pneumonia .
ref: sharon stable after new lung infection reported
dec: sharon in stable condition for double pneumonia

article: argentina 's one-day call rates tumbled to one-month lows as banks chose to meet their reserve requirements over the course of the month , easing demand .
ref: argentine call rates drop to one-month low as bank demand eases
dec: argentina one-day call rates plummet

article: fierce fighting that erupted thursday between sri lankan government troops and tamil rebels has killed ## rebels and four soldiers , a military spokesman said friday .
ref: fierce fighting kills ## in s. lanka
dec: sri lankan troops kill ## rebels

article: chinese farmers used to suffer from a lack of information , and this often led to a terrible waste of farm produce and other agricultural products .
ref: internet links farmers with wider market
dec: chinese farmers face terrible waste of farm produce

article: the university of california , citing the escalating violence in the middle east , has joined other u.s. universities in curtailing its academic programs in israel .
ref: university of california suspends academic programs in israel due
dec: california university joins u.s. universities

article: around #,### georgian students gathered on the border with abkhazia on saturday to protest the day before parliamentary elections in the breakaway republic , officials said .
ref: thousands of students protest vote in georgian republic
dec: georgian students gather in abkhazia to protest parliamentary elections

article: president george w. bush and first lady laura bush sent their regards to elvis presley fans honoring the ##th anniversary of the king 's death .
ref: bush sends regards to elvis fans on anniversary of death
dec: bush laura bush sends regards to elvis fans commemorating king 's death

article: ukraine warned the world thursday that it can not afford to carry out annual repairs to its five nuclear power plants , among them chernobyl .
ref: ukraine says nuclear repairs too costly
dec: ukraine warns world of repairs to nuclear plants

article: commuters in northern england faced severe disruption tuesday as nearly ### train drivers staged the first of three walkouts in a dispute over disciplinary action .
ref: commuters face disruption as ### train drivers strike
dec: ### train drivers stage first walkouts in northern england

article: a teenager says he will fight the $ ##,### fine by the new england state of new hampshire for the cost of his mountain rescue .
ref: teen fighting $ ##,### fine for us mountain rescue
dec: teenager to fight $ ##,### fine for rescue

article: statistics published tuesday by the hong kong monetary authority show that both total deposits and total loans and advances increased during the month of july .
ref: deposits increase in hong kong in july
dec: hong kong monetary authority show deposits advances in july

article: wall street stocks closed mixed friday as investors took profits on concern that stock prices had risen too high and too quickly over recent sessions .
ref: us stocks closed mixed but higher for the week
dec: wall street stocks close mixed

article: indiana pacers center jermaine o'neal is expected to be out of nba games for at least one week due to a sprained left knee .
ref: pacers o'neal to miss one-week nba games
dec: o'neal expected to be out of nba games

article: the u.s. dollar rose against the new taiwan dollar on the taipei foreign exchange thursday , gaining nt$ #.### to close at nt$ ##.### .
ref: u.s. dollar rises on taipei forex
dec: u.s. dollar rises on taipei forex

article: westinghouse electric corp. 's cbs division is replacing eric ober as president of cbs news , ober said in an internal memo this morning .
ref: cbs is replacing eric ober as president of network 's news unit
dec: westinghouse cbs replacing ober as president of cbs news

article: eighteen german soldiers were indicted monday in a scandal surrounding the alleged abuse of more than ### military recruits using electrical shocks and beatings .
ref: german soldiers indicted for alleged recruit abuse
dec: eighteen german soldiers indicted in scandal

article: nearly ### public toilets in guangzhou are now free , according to lu zhiyi , director of the city 's environment and sanitation bureau .
ref: nearly ### public toilets free of charge in guangzhou
dec: ### public toilets in guangzhou now free

article: the albanian authorities on thursday denied that the murder of a policeman in the riot-torn port of vlore was connected with anti- government protests .
ref: albanian authorities deny policeman 's murder linked to social unrest :
dec: albanian authorities deny murder of policeman

article: mauritanians go to the polls sunday for a landmark presidential election aimed at restoring civilian rule after more than two decades of military governments .
ref: mauritanians to vote for restoration of civilian democratic rule
dec: mauritanians vote for presidential election

article: the wide margin of victory by the no side in sweden 's euro referendum remained largely unchanged , according to official results released thursday .
ref: final tally of votes in swedish euro referendum released
dec: wide margin of victory in sweden 's euro referendum remains unchanged

article: french prime minister dominique de villepin on thursday played down talk of tensions inside the government with his high-profile deputy interior minister nicolas sarkozy .
ref: french pm plays down talk of tension with sarkozy
dec: french prime minister plays down talk of tensions in government

article: giant lock olivier merle still does not regret the head-butt which cost him his place in france 's five nations rugby championship side .
ref: proud merle has no regrets
dec: merle still does not regret head-butt

article: more british television viewers watched the final of the world snooker championship than the fa cup final , according to ratings released tuesday .
ref: snooker championship gets bigger tv ratings than fa cup final
dec: british television viewers dominate fa cup final

article: a bangladeshi reporter has been charged with murdering a fellow journalist in the country 's west three years ago , police said monday .
ref: bangladesh police charge reporter with murder of fellow journalist
dec: bangladeshi reporter charged with murdering fellow journalist

article: the car bombing outside a luxury hotel in guadalajara that killed two people and injured ## was blamed on a drug ring sunday .
ref: investigators link drug traffickers to guadalajara car bombing
dec: car bombing blamed on drug ring in guadalajara

article: the police were aware that manchester united star eric cantona was away on holiday , club manager alex ferguson said here on thursday .
ref: police knew cantona was away insists ferguson
dec: police aware cantona away on holiday

article: flooding caused by continuous torrential rain has killed two girls and caused three others missing in southwest china 's guizhou province since monday .
ref: two die three missing in sw province flooding
dec: two girls killed in flooding in southwest china

article: a fast-moving fire in a boston college dormitory early sent students fleeing to the roof and banging on their windows for help .
ref: tragedy averted in boston college dorm fire
dec: fast-moving fire in boston college dormitory kills students

article: weekly charts for the best-selling recorded music in the united states as they appear in next week 's issue of billboard magazine .
ref: the top ten music in the united states
dec: the top recorded music in u.s.

article: a price dispute between mexican sugar cane farmers and refinery operators has stopped sugar production across the nation , industry officials said .
ref: mexico 's sugar production halted over price increase dispute
dec: mexican sugar farmers stop sugar production

article: the general price index at tehran stock exchange closed at ####.## points on monday , up #.## points from sunday 's finish .
ref: tehran stock exchange index closes higher <unk> <unk>
dec: tehran stock exchange index closes up

article: a zimbabwean judge released on thursday three journalists charged with violating the country 's draconian new media laws by reporting false information .
ref: zimbabwe court frees three reporters in first test case on new
dec: zimbabwean judge releases three journalists

article: the owner of a fish hatchery has been charged with killing #,### endangered or protected birds and an alligator , police said .
ref: fish hatchery owner arrested accused of killing #,### endangered birds
dec: fish owner charged with killing #,### endangered birds

article: these columns for release friday , may ## , #### are moving today to clients of the new york times news service .
ref: cox news service commentary budget
dec: cox news service commentary budget

article: u.s.-based oil giant unocal corp. announced monday it had set up a company to pursue new investments in energy-related products in thailand .
ref: unocal sets up new ventures unit for thailand
dec: unocal to pursue new investments in thailand

article: french president jacques chirac will pay a visit to india in january next year , officials at the elysee palace said friday .
ref: french president jacques chirac to visit india
dec: chirac to visit india

article: the us house of representatives on tuesday approved a ### billion us dollar bill for defense programs for the #### fiscal year .
ref: us house passes defense bill
dec: us house passes ### billion dollar bill for defense programs

article: u.s. secretary of state madeleine albright will visit london and paris thursday and friday next week for talks on kosovo and iraq .
ref: albright to visit london paris on kosovo iraq
dec: albright to visit london paris

article: garry kasparov 's next move will be to leave russia if the communists return to power , the chess champion said saturday .
ref: chess champ says he 'll leave russia if communists win
dec: kasparov to leave russia if communists return to power

article: top-seeded caroline wozniacki edged maria kirilenko of russia #-# , #-# -lrb- # -rrb- to reach the swedish open semifinals on thursday .
ref: wozniacki advances to semifinals
dec: wozniacki reaches swedish open semifinals

article: attorneys representing six kurdish deputies arrested in turkey on wednesday asked the european commission on human rights to intervene on their behalf .
ref: arrest of kurdish mps taken before rights commission
dec: six kurdish deputies ask eu on human rights

article: finland won gold at the synchronized skating world championships on saturday , overtaking defending champion sweden with a superior free program .
ref: finland wins gold at synchronized skating worlds
dec: finland wins gold at synchronized skating championships

article: workers at three montreal-area plants of bombardier aerospace voted saturday to go on strike instead of accepting a negotiated contract offer .
ref: bombardier aircraft workers vote to go on strike monday
dec: bombardier workers vote to go on strike

article: last year was a banner year for bankruptcy filings in the united states , with a ## percent increase from #### .
ref: new computerized system dramatically changes busy bankruptcy
dec: last year for bankruptcy filings in u.s.

article: operators shut down reactor no. # at the zaporizhia nuclear power station sunday for scheduled repairs , news reports said .
ref: ukrainian nuclear reactor shut down for scheduled repairs
dec: operators shut down reactor at nuclear power station

article: if any one tool could be declared the symbol of the medical profession , it would surely be the stethoscope .
ref: new doctors lack ability to use <unk> <unk> study
dec: medical profession faces challenge

article: new england revolution and u.s. national team striker joe-max moore was to have arthroscopic surgery on his right ankle wednesday .
ref: u.s. national team forward to undergo ankle surgery
dec: revolution moore to have surgery

article: chinese shares rose thursday on surging bank lending and better corporate profit forecasts , led by insurers and automakers .
ref: china shares rebound on soaring lending
dec: chinese shares rise on surging bank lending

article: richard gasquet escaped a lengthy doping ban wednesday when the international tennis federation ruled that he inadvertently took cocaine .
ref: gasquet cleared to resume playing tennis
dec: gasquet avoids doping ban

article: the securities and exchange commission took a major step wednesday toward allowing u.s. markets to offer <unk> exchange-traded funds .
ref: u.s. securities watchdog clears way for <unk> exchange-traded
dec: sec takes major step toward allowing u.s. markets to offer exchange-traded funds

article: venezuelan president hugo chavez expressed optimism thursday about winning the slated recall referendum with `` a great victory '' .
ref: venezuelan president optimistic about referendum
dec: chavez upbeat on recall referendum

article: world number one tennis lady justine henin-hardenne was forced on tuesday to withdraw from wimbledon championships late his month .
ref: henin-hardenne to miss wimbledon for lingering illness
dec: henin-hardenne forced to withdraw from wimbledon championships

article: the leader of austria 's rightist freedom party resigned from his post on thursday , citing health problems .
ref: new freedom party leader resigns citing poor health
dec: rightist freedom party leader resigns

article: home depot gained a big customer on tuesday that it once said was too hard to handle .
ref: home depot gsa strike a deal
dec: home depot gains big customer

article: hal sutton withdrew from the masters on thursday because of a pulled muscle on his right side .
ref: sutton pulls out of masters with injury
dec: sutton withdraws from masters

article: if you get into that habit , you 're cheating yourself out of an opportunity to learn .
ref: they 're evil but you can still learn from them
dec: cheating your opportunity to learn

article: promoted bundesliga side eintracht frankfurt completed the signing of former germany international marko rehmer on wednesday .
ref: former germany international rehmer joins frankfurt
dec: frankfurt completes signing of former germany marko rehmer

article: you might call `` title of show '' the little musical that could and did .
ref: savoring the success of writing a musical about writing a musical
dec: the title of show

article: india wednesday welcomed the unanimous adoption of the resolution on iraq by un security council .
ref: india welcomes adoption of resolution on iraq
dec: india welcomes unanimous adoption of resolution on iraq

article: a patch of hardened snow along the dock here caught chris dickson 's attention .
ref: dickson prepares to go round the world
dec: patch of hardened snow in the dock

article: the u.s. dollar was mixed against other major currencies in european trading tuesday morning .
ref: dollar mixed gold down
dec: u.s. dollar mixed gold down in european trading

article: once again , the day had begun badly on the mir space station .
ref: cosmonauts carry out repairs giving lift to battered space
dec: mir begins badly on mir station

article: british stocks traded lower at midday on tuesday on the london stock exchange .
ref: british stocks trade lower at midday
dec: british stocks trade lower at midday

article: a u.s. <unk> plane crashed sunday in northeast colombia , the army said .
ref: u.s. <unk> plane crashes in eastern colombia where rebels are fighting for control
dec: u.s. plane crashes in colombia

article: striker filippo inzaghi 's loss could be teammate alessandro del piero 's gain .
ref: after inzaghi injury del piero has a shot at starting in world cup
dec: inzaghi 's loss could be teammate del piero 's gain

article: the stock market headed toward a modestly lower start wednesday .
ref: stock futures point to lower wall street opening
dec: stock market heads for modestly lower start

article: roberto white , mozambican minister of public works and housing and kader asmal , minister of water resources and forest from south africa led the two delegations in discussing the ways and means friday of a rational distribution of water , the exploration of river incomati , and the issues of irrigation in southern africa and protection of forests .
ref: mozambicans south africans meet on water distribution
dec: mozambican minister leads delegations in southern africa

article: starting monday , all schools in taipei city are required to report new cases of conjunctivitis , commonly known as <unk> , each day for three weeks as part of the efforts of the city 's department of education to keep track of the outbreak , an education official said that day .
ref: taipei city schools required to report new <unk> cases daily
dec: taipei schools required to report new cases of conjunctivitis

article: apologizing to supporters for `` a small personal matter '' that `` became an almost fatal circus event , '' martha stewart friday was sentenced to five months in prison and five months of home detention for the stock-trading cover-up that upended her life , her company and her finely groomed image .
ref: stewart sentenced to five months in prison
dec: martha stewart sentenced to five months in prison

article: in a victory for employers , the supreme court ruled #-# tuesday that a company should not be penalized for failing to notify workers that they are entitled to take up to ## weeks unpaid medical or maternity leave each year under the family and medical leave act .
ref: high court sides with <unk> in leave case
dec: supreme court rules company should not be penalized for failing to notify workers

article: the cover photograph of susan sontag 's new novel , `` in america , '' gives us the <unk> of a woman 's neck , the clasp on her string of black pearls and a decorative comb embedded in the <unk> of her elaborately coiffed hair .
ref: sontag travels far and wide in america
dec: sontag touts new novel

article: hoping to head off the most debilitating of mental illnesses before it strikes , yale university researchers are laying plans to search for a secret hidden in the brains of ninth-graders : in every group of ### students , one will go on to develop schizophrenia .
ref: researchers to screen for <unk> in #th-graders
dec: yale researchers to search for secret students

article: british police probing an alleged plot to blow up as many as ## u.s.-bound airliners have gathered `` substantial material '' in their investigation , home secretary john reid said sunday , as police continued to question ## suspects and conduct searches at locations across britain .
ref: reid says substantial material gathered in british terror investigation
dec: british police meet u.s.-bound airliners

article: president bush meets israeli prime minister ariel sharon tuesday in his quest for middle east peace , an effort complicated monday by israel 's campaign linking yasser arafat to terror attacks and alleging that saudi arabia helped finance suicide bombings and other attacks against israelis .
ref: bush sharon to meet today as israel mounts anti-arafat campaign
dec: bush meets sharon in quest for middle east peace

article: triumphant yet chastened , president hugo chavez returned to office on the wings of a popular uprising two days after he was ousted in a botched coup , saying he had had time to reflect on his mistakes and was prepared to `` make corrections .
ref: triumphant chavez returns to power two days after ouster ; <unk>
dec: chavez returns to office on uprising

article: when executive producer jeffrey katzenberg _ who inaugurated the great cycle of disney animated musicals of the '##s _ jumped ship to become a founding partner at dreamworks , the assumption was he would soon make the new studio 's animation department the industry flag-bearer .
ref: el <unk> 's animation is golden but we 've been down this road
dec: katzenberg jumps ship to dreamworks

article: israeli planners are sketching possible new routes for <unk> portions of the west bank separation barrier that would bring it closer to israel in the wake of a supreme court ruling that said the current path harms palestinians , a defense ministry spokeswoman said tuesday .
ref: israel studying alternative routes for barrier
dec: israeli planners sketching new routes for west bank barrier

article: by focusing the most powerful x-ray beam in the western hemisphere on six of ludwig van beethoven 's hairs and a few pieces of his skull , scientists have gathered what they say is conclusive evidence that the famous composer died of lead poisoning .
ref: study concludes beethoven died from lead poisoning
dec: scientists gather evidence of composer dies of lead poisoning

article: there has been a breakthrough in the kenya 's football impasse which had threatened to throw the country into a long-term international football isolation , after a meeting between delegates of confederation of africa football -lrb- caf -rrb- and the kenyan stakeholders on thursday .
ref: caf reconciles wrangling kenya soccer factions
dec: kenya breakthrough in football impasse

article: three missiles or rocket-propelled grenades saturday slammed into the al-rashid hotel , home to u.s. military officers and civilian support staff , in central baghdad just hours after american soldiers killed at least two iraqis at a checkpoint in fallujah west of the capital .
ref: saturday 's sparkassen tennis results
dec: three missiles slam into hotel in baghdad

article: south korea 's pledge to give dlrs # million in aid to north korea is expected to encourage others to respond to an emergency appeal for dlrs ## million to avert famine in the isolated communist nation , u.n. officials said tuesday .
ref: un officials hope south korea 's announcement will break logjam of aid to north
dec: s. korea pledge to encourage aid to north korea

article: some ### government officials and scientists from ## countries issued a joint declaration at an international symposium on the protection of peat bog , or wetland , calling on the international community to take emergent measures to protect peat bog resources .
ref: declaration on peat bog protection signed in china
dec: ## countries issue joint declaration on peat bog resources

article: center tseng wen-ting , who led yulon <unk> to its #th title in the team 's history last week , was named most valuable player -lrb- mvp -rrb- of the #### regular season tuesday for the first time in his career .
ref: taiwan 's <unk> basketball player named
dec: tseng named most valuable player of season

article: the u.n. food agency said wednesday a lack of international funding and new restrictions by north korea on its staff and where it can operate has left it unable to reach millions of hungry women and children in the impoverished country .
ref: wfp says funding shortfall for nkorea food aid
dec: u.n. food agency says lack of international funding and new restrictions on north korea

article: us president george w. bush hosted an unprecedented gathering of current and former secretaries of defense and state at the white house thursday , reaching outside of his tightly-knit <unk> of aides to solicit advice on the way forward in iraq .
ref: bush assembles former officials including critics to solicit iraq advice
dec: bush hosts unprecedented gathering of defense and state

article: fears of violence ahead of zimbabwe 's elections next year grew wednesday after an opposition politician urged his supporters to keep axes and spears in their homes to protect themselves from attack by members of president robert mugabe 's ruling party .
ref: fears of election violence grow in zimbabwe
dec: fears of violence ahead of zimbabwe elections

article: the defense ministers of macedonia , albania and croatia stressed in skopje on friday that regional cooperation among them was the only way for their accession to the north atlantic treaty organization -lrb- nato -rrb- , news reaching here said .
ref: macedonia albania croatia enhance cooperation toward nato
dec: macedonia croatia discuss regional cooperation

article: support in congress for the deployment of ##,### american troops to bosnia , never strong , seemed to erode further wednesday when a group of republican senators broke with the leadership and announced they would vote to disapprove the mission .
ref: some gop senators refusing to back dole on bosnia
dec: republican senators break in congress for deployment of american troops to bosnia

article: twelve karaoke bars in kunming , capital of southwest china 's yunnan province , have decided to pay the copyright royalties , a month after the national copyright administration issued its order , the first of its kind in china .
ref: karaoke bars in kunming become first to pay copyright royalties in china
dec: twelve karaoke bars to pay copyright royalties in kunming

article: a powerful explosion outside a bar frequented by soldiers from an adjacent military base killed two people , including an american , and injured at least ## people wednesday evening in the southern philippines , officials and witnesses said .
ref: american among two dead in blast outside philippine army base
dec: powerful explosion kills two in southern philippines

article: anticipating harsh competition after taiwan 's world trade organization entry , the cabinet-level council of agriculture -lrb- coa -rrb- decided tuesday to increase funding to total nt$ ### billion to offset potential losses faced by local farmers and fishermen .
ref: coa to speed up compensation to farmers in anticipation of wto entry
dec: coa to increase funding to offset losses

article: the united states and russia have agreed to slash each of their nuclear weapons stockpiles by roughly two-thirds , and will sign a binding treaty in moscow on may ## , president bush and president vladimir putin said monday .
ref: bush announces pact with russia to reduce nuclear warheads
dec: u.s. russia to slash nuclear stockpiles

article: a u.s. platoon intruded into territory controlled by bosnian serb gen. ratko mladic , a top war crimes suspect , and was confronted by his troops before mladic appeared and ordered the americans to leave , witnesses said tuesday .
ref: precede pale us troops face off against mladic forces ordered to leave
dec: u.s. platoon intruded into mladic in bosnian serb

article: china 's domestic airlines are beginning to find their own ways to deal with the stagnant civil aviation market while the expected public hearing on a more flexible ticket policy has been delayed , reports the china daily thursday .
ref: china 's airlines sidestep discount limits
dec: china 's domestic airlines to find ways to deal with civil aviation market

article: a court in india acquitted eight people saturday who were blamed for planting a bomb in a bus in the western commercial center of mumbai , formerly known as bombay , in #### that killed two and injured ## .
ref: indian court acquits eight charged in #### mumbai bus blast
dec: india court acquits eight people blamed for bomb blast

article: ecologists have found that a stable social structure may help to control the spread of bovine tuberculosis -lrb- tb -rrb- among badgers , and transmission to cattle , a report on the science news website alphagalileo said on monday .
ref: research finds bovine tb spread linked to badger culling
dec: ecologists says stable social structure may help control spread of tb in badgers

article: one week after a bomb shattered a world war ii victory day celebration killing ## people in southern russia , russian president vladimir putin ordered the nation 's defense and security organizations to be on '' permanent high alert .
ref: putin says security organizations must stay on permanent high alert
dec: putin orders defense organizations to be on permanent high alert

article: a new mexico woman is suing ##th century fox film corporation alleging she was defrauded out of $ #.# million -lrb- euro# .## million -rrb- she was entitled to receive for the popular ####s `` batman '' television series .
ref: woman files fraud lawsuit against fox over batman series
dec: new mexico woman sues fox film corporation for $ #.# million

article: waves of chinook helicopters carrying several hundred canadian troops took off from this air base saturday for a fresh operation in eastern afghanistan , another sign that coalition forces were stepping up their campaign against al-qaida and taliban fighters .
ref: waves of canadian troops join in fresh operation in eastern afghanistan
dec: canadian troops take off from air base in afghanistan

article: the international monetary fund says the global economy will perform slightly worse in #### than it had previously estimated , but its outlook for #### is brightening based on aggressive market interventions by the u.s. and other governments .
ref: imf expects slow recovery from global recession
dec: imf says global economy to perform slightly worse in ####

article: robbers seized #.# million ringgit -lrb- us$ ###,### -rrb- tuesday from a bank in the world 's tallest buildings _ malaysia 's petronas twin towers _ while scores of tourists and office workers watched helplessly , police said .
ref: robbers strike malaysian bank in world 's tallest buildings
dec: robbers seize us$ ###,### from bank in malaysia 's tallest buildings

article: several people were killed and more than two dozens injured when a cargo train collided with a passenger train near spain 's eastern city of albacete on tuesday , the state railway company renfe and local officials said .
ref: trains collide in spain killing several people
dec: several killed in cargo train accident in eastern spain

article: beijing should quit trying to squeeze taiwan out of the international community if it truly wishes to display goodwill toward taiwan , wang chien-yeh , spokesman for the ministry of foreign affairs -lrb- mofa -rrb- said tuesday .
ref: mofa asks beijing ease international squeeze on taiwan
dec: mofa urges beijing to quit trying to squeeze taiwan out of international community

article: more than a decade after the government first sounded an alarm over the link between cholesterol and heart attacks , the message still has not gotten through to women at greatest risk , a new study warns .
ref: most at-risk women still face cholesterol danger
dec: study says message still has not through to women at greatest risk

article: leonard tow , who controls nearly ## percent of the stock of the troubled cable television company adelphia communications , has notified adelphia that he wants three board seats that he says he is entitled to fill .
ref: adelphia shareholder seeks three seats on board
dec: adelphia wants three board seats

article: the pilot program for the voluntary repatriation of angolan refugees from zambia has now been set for july , the office of the united nations high commissioner for refugees -lrb- unhcr -rrb- in zambia said here friday .
ref: zambia to repatriate angolan refugees in july
dec: pilot program for voluntary repatriation of angolan refugees set for july

article: a transit police officer and an auxiliary police officer were arrested in a sting operation tuesday and charged with stealing $ ##,### from an apartment that was made to look like a drug den , police said .
ref: two nyc officers arrested in break-in
dec: transit police officer arrested in sting operation

article: russian legislators friday agreed on the principle of an amnesty for russian soldiers , chechen guerrillas and others who committed crimes in chechnya during the ##-month conflict , excluding `` terrorists , '' interfax news agency reported .
ref: russian lower house moves to amnesty chechnya war criminals
dec: russian legislators agree on amnesty for russian soldiers in chechnya

article: istanbul , turkey , june ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- us president george w. bush will meet on sunday with turkish president ahmed necdet sezer in ankara for talks on key issues in the middle east region .
ref: bush to meet turkish president on key issues in mideast region
dec: bush to meet with turkish president in ankara

article: the ethiopian ministry of education announced here tuesday that it will spend more than #.# billion birr -lrb- ###.# million u.s. dollars -rrb- to build new schools and upgrade the existing ones in the ####\/#### fiscal year .
ref: ethiopia to build ### new schools in ####\/####
dec: ethiopia to build new schools

article: outraged that police may be involved in political violence which has killed ## people in the past week , president nelson mandela vowed at a funeral sunday to combat `` sinister '' elements in the security forces .
ref: as mandela helps bury the dead killings continue in strife-torn
dec: mandela vows at funeral to combat political violence

article: divisions between fiji 's government and the armed forces have come to the fore after security was stepped up for fijian prime minister laisenia qarase and three other leading officials late monday after threats against them .
ref: security stepped up for fijian leaders following threats
dec: fiji government divisions stepped up for fijian pm

article: taking less than four hours to reach a verdict , a texas jury on tuesday found andrea pia yates guilty of two counts of capital murder in the bathtub drowning deaths of her five young children .
ref: texas mother found guilty of murdering her children
dec: texas jury finds pia yates guilty of murder

article: dutch prime minister jan peter balkenende has praised the work of former us president ronald reagan , saying that reagan helped end the cold war and reunite a divided europe , local dutch media reported monday .
ref: dutch prime minister says reagan helped unify europe
dec: dutch prime minister praises reagan work

article: a u.s. delegation arrived here tuesday for the first round of expert consultations with russia on the anti-ballistic missiles -lrb- abm -rrb- treaty and the third stage of strategic arms reduction treaty -lrb- start iii -rrb- .
ref: u.s. team in moscow for abm start iii talks
dec: u.s. delegation arrives in russia for expert consultations with russia on abm treaty

article: stung by public anger over adolescent hooliganism , the government said tuesday that children as young as ## can be jailed rather than bailed while they await trial for crimes such as car theft and burglary .
ref: government proposes detaining ##-year-olds in battle against youth
dec: government says children can be jailed rather than bailed in hooliganism

article: israeli troops blew up the west bank home of a hamas suicide bomber friday and searched his town for fugitives , as yasser arafat and leaders of his fatah party started putting together a new cabinet .
ref: israel blows up home of hamas bomber ; new palestinian cabinet being formed
dec: israeli troops blow up west bank home of hamas suicide bomber

article: hilton hotels said it was `` disappointed '' thursday by the failure of its bid to take over itt 's non-strategic assets , and warned the owner of sheraton hotels not to undervalue its non-strategic stocks .
ref: itt warned about <unk> <unk> assets
dec: hilton hotels says disappointed of bid to take over itt assets

article: a former el salvador guerilla leader who was secretly resettled in the united states and paid to work as an informant may now be deported as a terrorist , the new york times reported saturday .
ref: us seeks deportation of guerilla leader turned informer
dec: former el salvador guerilla leader deported

article: fifteen people , many of them foreigners , were reported killed and about ### injured in two explosions that rocked a popular resort on the tourist island of bali , police and hospital workers said .
ref: explosions shake resort on indonesian tourist resort ## killed
dec: fifteen reported killed in explosions in bali

article: the local authorities have postponed a public hearing planned for thursday to decide the fate of xiushui market , the most famous outdoor garments marketplace in beijing haunted by foreigners , an official said wednesday .
ref: gov t cautious with fate of beijing 's best-known outdoor market
dec: local authorities postpone public hearing on xiushui market

article: if kris brown could kick a football ### days into the future , that would be just fine with the texans , who are armed with enough anticipation and desire to face enemy fire today .
ref: texans have climbed many hills as franchise with steepest grade
dec: brown wants to face enemy fire

article: president clinton turned from affairs of state to a matter of the heart friday as he and hillary rodham clinton helped move their daughter , chelsea , to stanford university , then bid her goodbye .
ref: chelsea clinton begins college studies
dec: clinton speaks to stanford

article: opposition lawmakers rallied tens of thousands of ukrainians saturday in the second nationwide demonstrations in a month seeking to oust president leonid kuchma , who is under investigation for allegedly approving arms sales to iraq .
ref: ukrainian opposition leads second nationwide demonstrations to oust president
dec: opposition lawmakers rally in ukrainians demanding to oust president

article: bearing #,### pounds of much-needed supplies , a new american crew member and a vote of us confidence in the russian space program , the space shuttle atlantis docked with the space station mir saturday .
ref: new computer astronaut arrive at troubled space station
dec: new american crew docked with mir

article: spanish leader felipe gonzalez and chancellor helmut kohl said tuesday they wanted to cooperate with france to give the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- a fresh boost before the #### maastricht treaty review conference .
ref: spain germany want to help france give eu a booster
dec: spanish leader seeks to cooperate with france to give eu boost

article: senior army officers who staged a coup in guinea-bissau installed a civilian president and prime minister who are to govern the west african country until elections are held , news reports here said monday .
ref: coup leaders install civilian president prime minister in guinea-bissau
dec: senior army officers behead civilian president in guinea-bissau

article: myanmar 's foreign trade , including border trade , reached #.### billion u.s. dollars in fiscal ####-## which ended in march , up ##.## percent from the previous fiscal year 's #.### billion dollars .
ref: myanmar 's foreign trade increases in fiscal ####-##
dec: myanmar foreign trade increases

article: the western returned scholars association -lrb- wrsa -rrb- , a non-governmental organization for students who have returned after studying abroad , will hold a symposium in washington this august , its first ever abroad .
ref: <unk> to hold first symposium abroad
dec: western returned scholars to hold symposium in washington

article: u.s. president bill clinton is determined to send american troops as part of a nato-led peace implementation force in bosnia even without u.s. congressional authorization , a senior white house official said on sunday .
ref: clinton determined to send troops to bosnia
dec: clinton determined to send american troops in bosnia

article: the bali nightclub bombing that killed nearly ### people may push indonesian leader megawati sukarnoputri off her political fence , and put her fragile hold over the world 's largest muslim country on edge .
ref: bali bombings may force indonesian president off political fence
dec: bali bombing may push megawati off political fence

article: great britain 's jason gardener , the world indoor champion , claimed his sixth career ##m win at the glasgow meet on saturday to send a timely warning to his commonwealth games sprint rivals .
ref: gardener sends out commonwealth games warning
dec: gardener claims sixth career ##m win at glasgow meet

article: the u.s. government on tuesday alleged that ukraine , ## other nations and the european union were not doing enough to halt the piracy of u.s. movies , music and other copyrighted material .
ref: ukraine ## other countries put on notice for alleged failures to
dec: u.s. accuses ukraine of piracy

article: u.s. officials expressed concern about new rules in china that restrict private courier services at a meeting tuesday attended by commerce secretary don evans and his chinese counterpart , a u.s. statement said .
ref: u.s. urges china not to restrict international <unk>
dec: u.s. officials concerned about new rules in china

article: matt kenseth easily kept four-time nascar champion jeff gordon at bay in the final laps of sunday 's gfs marketplace ### at michigan international speedway and won for the third time this season .
ref: kenseth outruns jeff gordon for victory
dec: kenseth keeps four-time nascar champion gordon in michigan speedway

article: since the standoff at the church of the nativity compound began a month ago , shooting has damaged several buildings , though the church itself has so far suffered only relatively light damage .
ref: chronology of damage in the church of the nativity compound with <unk> damage
dec: shooting has damage in church

article: buoyed by some favorable reviews of his china trip , house speaker newt gingrich appears to be on a new campaign to mollify his conservative critics and stifle any challenge to his leadership .
ref: gingrich seeks to mollify his critics
dec: gingrich faces new campaign to mollify critics

article: the founder of the salafist group for preaching and combat -lrb- <unk> -rrb- and one of its regional leaders have been sentenced to death in absentia , the algerian press said on sunday .
ref: two algerian islamists sentenced to death in absentia
dec: algerian founder sentenced to death in absentia

article: three-time brazilian world cup champion pele will bring a squad of football all-stars to thailand next month for a charity match to raise funds for tsunami victims , a thai official said thursday .
ref: pele to lead world cup veterans to thailand for tsunami charity match
dec: pele to bring squad of football all-stars to thailand for charity match

article: hong kong 's business receipts in many service industries showed notable increases in value terms in the second quarter of #### over a year earlier , according to official statistics released today .
ref: foreign exchange rates in hong kong
dec: hong kong business receipts notable increases in value terms in second quarter

article: the pledge by rebels of the congolese rally for democracy -lrb- rcd -rrb- based in goma , eastern congo , to sign the lusaka cease-fire agreement is pushing the peace process forward .
ref: <unk> rebels pledge to sign agreement praised
dec: congolese rebels to sign cease-fire agreement

article: suspected taliban fighters ambushed an army post in southeastern afghanistan and killed two local soldiers , while a bomb destroyed a tanker supplying fuel to us-led troops , defense officials said thursday .
ref: militants kill two afghan soldiers tanker blown up
dec: suspected taliban kill two soldiers in afghanistan

article: double world champion paul tergat 's reputation will be at stake when a pack of hungary and poor compatriots take him on in the iaaf cross country challenge meeting here on saturday .
ref: world champion 's reputation at stake
dec: tergat 's reputation to be at stake in hungary challenge

article: the zambian government is planning to establish air cargo hubs and dry ports to make the southern african country a <unk> transport center in the region , local media said on thursday .
ref: zambia to establish air cargo hubs dry ports
dec: zambia plans to establish air cargo hubs

article: state regulators levied a stiff fine against the u.s. energy department and its contractors thursday for their neglectful management of chemicals that violently exploded inside a hanford nuclear reservation plutonium processing plant .
ref: energy department contractors fined $ ###,### for hanford
dec: u.s. levied stiff fine against u.s. energy department contractors for plutonium management

article: the u.n. agency poised to send monitors to search iraq for signs of illicit nuclear weapons said on wednesday that it should have the sole authority to pick inspectors for its teams .
ref: un atomic agency asks for sole authority to determine composition of inspection teams to iraq with bc-us-iraq
dec: u.n. agency poised to send monitors to search iraq for nuclear weapons

article: hewlett-packard shareholders have elected eight members to its board , and for the first time in the company 's ##-year history , there 's neither a hewlett nor a packard among them .
ref: hewlett-packard board elected _ without no <unk> or <unk> to
dec: hewlett-packard shareholders choose eight members

article: from honor killings to female genital mutilation , the eradication of `` cultural '' violence against women is one of the greatest challenges facing the world , a u.n. investigator said wednesday .
ref: cultural violence against women most difficult to stop says un
dec: u.n. investigator says eradication of cultural violence against women is greatest challenges

article: a chinese pro-democracy group in the united states on thursday condemned communist china for its saber rattling over the taiwan issue and called for leaders in beijing to emulate taiwan 's democracy .
ref: chinese pro-democracy body condemns beijing bluster against taiwan
dec: chinese pro-democracy group condemns china over taiwan issue

article: the united states condemned the latest spate of palestinian violence it said was aimed at sabotaging the peace process and called for immediate action by palestinian leaders to clamp down on militants .
ref: us condemns palestinian violence
dec: u.s. condemns palestinian violence

article: eric wynalda canceled out an early switzerland goal with a stunning long-range free kick for the united states to <unk> at #-# at halftime in their world cup group a match saturday .
ref: wynalda 's free kick puts usa back in match
dec: wynalda cancels switzerland goal at halftime

article: germany has freed from prison a lebanese member of hezbollah who was serving a life sentence for killing a u.s. navy diver during the #### hijacking of a trans world airlines jet .
ref: life sentence ends for killer of u.s. navy diver in ####
dec: germany frees hezbollah from prison

article: phoenix - in game # of seattle 's playoff series against the suns on tuesday , supersonics point guard gary payton scored ## first-quarter points and finished with a game-high ## .
ref: payton 's points go up as sonics struggle
dec: payton scores ## first-quarter points vs. suns

article: three young children were burnt to death in a blaze that tore through their northern jamaican home , where they had been locked inside by their father , police said thursday .
ref: three children die in house fire in northern jamaica
dec: three children burnt to death in blaze in jamaican home

article: the efforts to address the issues of aging and disabilities constitute an important component of the work in the entire area of social development , a chinese representative said here today .
ref: china stresses work for aged and disabled
dec: chinese representative says efforts to address aging disabilities

article: a home-made explosive device blasted in the small hours saturday near a building housing the british and u.s. consulates in downtown ekaterinburg in russia 's central urals region , itar-tass reported .
ref: bomb explodes near british u.s. consulates in central russia
dec: home-made explosive device explodes near british consulates in russia

article: the head of u.s. central command , gen. john abizaid , met saturday with yemeni president ali abdullah saleh for talks on combatting terrorism , yemen 's official news agency reported .
ref: us commander holds talks with yemeni president on combatting terrorism
dec: u.s. central command chief meets yemeni president over terrorism

article: australian mark philippoussis came from behind to defeat american michael chang on friday , putting him into the finals of a tune-up event in melbourne for next week 's australian open .
ref: philippoussis beats chang in melbourne tennis
dec: philippoussis reaches finals at australian open

article: cathay pacific airways executives said wednesday that their business is gaining strength but will bounce back more slowly from the global terror crisis than it did from the asian financial crisis .
ref: cathay pacific sees slower rebound from latest turmoil
dec: cathay pacific executives say business gaining strength

article: the england football association has charged qpr with misconduct after a friendly match against the china 's olympic team on # february ended in a brawl , bbc reported on monday .
ref: fa charges qpr over <unk> scuffle with china
dec: england charges qpr with misconduct after friendly match

article: iranian police have warned women not to smile at strange men or to behave in any other way that may arouse `` satanic lust , '' jomhuri islami newspaper reported saturday .
ref: women warned against smiling at men
dec: iranian police warn women against satanic lust

article: poles voted overwhelmingly for the country to join the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- in a weekend referendum , making it the sixth of the ## <unk> countries backing eu entry .
ref: poles vote yes for eu membership
dec: poles vote to join eu in referendum

article: a senior u.s. envoy arrived in tokyo sunday to meet with japanese officials as part of washington 's diplomatic campaign to unify a stand on north korea 's nuclear weapons program .
ref: u.s. envoy arrives in tokyo to discuss north korean nuclear program with <unk>
dec: u.s. envoy arrives in tokyo to meet to unify stand on north korea nuclear program

article: hideki matsui belted a two-run homer in the top of the seventh inning wednesday to power the central league leading yomiuri giants to a #-# victory over the hanshin tigers .
ref: matsui homers as yomiuri downs hanshin
dec: matsui pitches giants past tigers

article: palestinian leader yasser arafat rejected israeli demands for more security cooperation and warned saturday that the palestinians are willing to return to the hardships of the past _ if necessary .
ref: precede jerusalem arafat rejects netanyahu 's demands for more security cooperation
dec: arafat rejects israeli demands for security cooperation

article: tajikistan and uzbekistan said friday they had put their military on alert in case of a possible spring offensive by the afghan taliban militia into afghanistan 's northern border regions .
ref: uzbek tajik leaders warn of taliban threat
dec: tajikistan uzbekistan put military on alert

article: security was heightened across the southern china boom town of shenzhen and surrounding areas friday , in the wake of deng xiaoping 's death as thousands visited a makeshift memorial .
ref: troops and tearful tributes to deng in china 's boomtown
dec: security heightened across southern china boom town

article: two british soldiers were cleared at a court martial tuesday of failing to ensure their troops did not abuse a group of iraqi civilian detainees , one of whom died .
ref: british soldiers cleared over iraqi abuse
dec: two british soldiers cleared at court martial over iraqi civilian abuse

article: french wildlife officials released a fifth bear in the pyrenees , the final step in a program to repopulate the region in southwestern france , the environment ministry said tuesday .
ref: france releases final bear into the pyrenees as part of repopulation program
dec: french officials release fifth bear in pyrenees

article: u.s. bonds gained and yields fell to their lowest in almost four weeks after the treasury found healthy demand for the $ ## billion of two-year notes it sold today .
ref: u.s. bonds gain after treasury 's two-year note auction
dec: u.s. bonds rise to lowest in four weeks

article: robert kubica will replace jacques villeneuve at the wheel of a bmw-sauber car at the hungarian grand prix , becoming the first polish driver to contest a formula one race .
ref: kubica replaces villeneuve for hungarian grand prix
dec: kubica to replace villeneuve at hungarian grand prix

article: democratic and republican lawmakers criticized the justice department thursday for failing to prosecute a french bank for its secret purchase of a california-based life insurance company a decade ago .
ref: lawmakers criticize justice department in probe of french bank
dec: u.s. lawmakers criticize justice department for failing to prosecute french bank for life insurance deal

article: a former currency trader accused of hiding $ ### million in losses at allfirst bank pleaded guilty thursday in one of the largest bank fraud cases in u.s. history .
ref: former allfirst bank currency trader accused of hiding $ ### million in losses pleads guilty
dec: former currency trader pleads guilty in bank fraud case

article: widows and mothers of victims of the #### srebrenica massacre said wednesday they would decorate former un human rights envoy tadeusz mazowiecki for his efforts to prevent the genocide .
ref: srebrenica survivors to decorate ex-un diplomat who stood against massacre
dec: srebrenica widows to decorate former un envoy for genocide

article: myanmar will hold a ##-day gems emporium here in march in a bid to boost foreign exchange earning , according to thursday 's state-run newspaper new light of myanmar .
ref: myanmar to hold gems emporium soon
dec: myanmar to hold ##-day gems emporium

article: rafter never fully extended himself , but did enough to sweep aside the doubles star #-# #-# #-# on the second match point on center court just after midnight .
ref: rafter disposes of woodforde
dec: rafter beats doubles star #-# in match point

article: the spanish region of valencia is to invest some #.# billion euros in its preparations to host the america 's cup in march #### , regional organisers said wednesday .
ref: valencia to invest #.# billion euros ahead of america 's cup
dec: spanish region to invest #.# billion euros to host america 's cup

article: caribbean countries must work together in going after advertising discounts and reducing small airlines ' losses if they are to boost the flagging tourism industry , officials said monday .
ref: officials say countries must cooperate to promote caribbean boost flagging tourism industry
dec: caribbean countries must work together for advertising discounts

article: since the celtics have a habit of making dramatic late-game comebacks , the result of saturday night 's matchup with san antonio took a couple of minutes to register .
ref: celtics finish just off the pace
dec: celtics face challenge

article: tight security turned a sydney court into a fortress monday at the start of a case against nine muslim men arrested in australia 's largest-ever counter - terrorism operation .
ref: australia launches terror trial
dec: tight security turns sydney court on case against muslim men in terrorism

article: the heat wave that struck europe this summer killed #,###-# ,### people in the netherlands , the dutch central bureau for statistics said monday , raising an earlier estimate .
ref: statistics agency ups estimate of netherlands heat-related deaths to #,###-# ,###
dec: heat wave kills #,###-# ,### in netherlands

article: senators on the committee probing campaign finance abuses said friday they would shift course and turn to broader issues in anticipation of a vote on campaign finance reform legislation .
ref: senate panel to broaden probe to finance reform
dec: senators vow to shift course on campaign finance abuses

article: a man has been arrested for investigation of soliciting the murder of the woman who has accused los angeles lakers star kobe bryant of sexual assault , authorities said .
ref: california man held in alleged threat against kobe bryant accuser
dec: man arrested for investigation of murder of kobe bryant

article: indian high commissioner in pakistan shivshankar menon on wednesday said that the new indian government was committed to a sustained peace process with pakistan and to carry it forward .
ref: india assures pakistan <unk> support to peace process
dec: india committed to sustained peace process with pakistan

article: campaigners for a group of british and dutch aviation enthusiasts insisted on the group 's innocence on tuesday , on the eve of their greek trial on espionage-related charges .
ref: plane spotters repeat plea of innocence on eve of trial
dec: british dutch aviation campaigners claim innocence in greek trial

article: the united states could be drawn into hostilities with north korea if it widens its sanctions on the nuclear-armed communist regime , a former south korean minister warned tuesday .
ref: widening us sanctions on nkorea may trigger major conflict warning
dec: ex south korean minister says u.s. could be drawn into hostilities with north korea

article: european stock markets fell in early trading on monday , weighed down by oil prices jumping to new record high points above ## dollars per barrel , dealers said .
ref: european stocks fall as oil prices reach new highs
dec: european stock markets fall in early trading

article: a canadian judge ruled tuesday that a yemeni man seized with false travel documents on a u.s.-bound airplane on sept. ## can be extradited to the united states .
ref: judge rules yemeni man seized from u.s.-bound jet on sept. ## can
dec: canadian judge says yemeni man can be extradited to u.s.

article: japan 's top defense officer tetsuya <unk> plans to make his first visit to china shortly to promote dialogue on security matters , a news report said wednesday .
ref: top defense officer to visit china south korea sunday
dec: top defense officer to visit china

article: justices of guatemala 's supreme court said tuesday that they have received an increased number of death threats recently in response to court rulings against organized crime groups .
ref: guatemalan supreme court justices receiving death threats
dec: guatemala court receives increased death threats

article: financially troubled producer samuel goldwyn co. is selling its <unk> feature film and television library to polygram filmed entertainment for $ ## million to pay down heavy debt .
ref: samuel goldwyn co.
dec: samuel goldwyn sells library to polygram library

article: arsonists set ablaze the office of an opposition member of parliament who is also the editor of a weekly magazine critical of the government , newspapers said thursday .
ref: arsonists set controversial mp 's office on fire
dec: arsonists burn office of opposition member

article: janica kostelic of croatia won the women 's world cup super-combined here on sunday ahead of anja paerson of sweden and lindsey c kildow of the united states .
ref: world cup combined win for kostelic
dec: kostelic wins world cup super-combined

article: azerbaijani authorities have detained five suspected russian spies and turned them over to the russian embassy to be sent home , according to an official statement published tuesday .
ref: azerbaijan catches suspected russian spies sends them home
dec: azerbaijan detains five suspected russian spies

article: indonesia 's cocoa production is expected to recover in #### after being hit by a severe dry spell caused by el nino , the jakarta post reported monday .
ref: indonesia 's cocoa production expected to bounce back
dec: indonesia 's cocoa production to recover in ####

article: the dollar was up against other major currencies in brisk early trading here friday after the latest jobless figures showed an unexpected fall in the may unemployment rate .
ref: dollar rises after surprise drop in may unemployment
dec: dollar up after jobless figures

article: serbia 's police chief has canceled a $ ###,### reward offered last year to anyone providing information about series of high-profile murder cases , his office said friday .
ref: government withdraws reward offered for unsolved murder cases
dec: serbia police chief cancels $ ###,### reward for murder cases

article: let 's get this out of the way , right up front : shana morrison is the daughter of <unk> janet planet and legendary rocker van morrison .
ref: the daughter of is on her own
dec: shana morrison has the daughter of van morrison

article: last november , as the initial phase of the war in afghanistan continued to rage , president bush offered a tantalizing clue about his next potential target .
ref: bush will not relent on iraq analysts say
dec: bush touts war in afghanistan

article: chelsea and liverpool revive their rivalry and showcase new arrivals on sunday in the community shield , the traditional curtain raiser to the english premier league season .
ref: chelsea and liverpool kick off season in charity shield
dec: chelsea liverpool celebrate rivalry in community shield

article: two concourses at cleveland hopkins international airport were evacuated for over two hours friday after a screening machine detected explosives in a carry-on bag , authorities said .
ref: # concourses at cleveland airport evacuated after machine detects
dec: two concourses at cleveland airport evacuated after screening

article: ireland coach mick mccarthy expressed relief wednesday that the weeklong crisis over roy keane 's dismissal was finally over and rejected any suggestion that he should resign .
ref: mccarthy expresses relief that keane ordeal is over defends his
dec: ireland coach expresses relief for keane crisis

article: an <unk> research station that tracks ozone depletion from canada 's high arctic is sitting idle due to lack of financial resources , local media reported saturday .
ref: canada 's arctic ozone observatory sits idle
dec: <unk> research station sitting idle for ozone depletion in canada

article: the new york archdiocese distanced itself from a high-ranking official 's sermon that blamed the catholic church 's child-molestation scandal on gay priests and widespread american immorality .
ref: new york archdiocese distances itself from monsignor 's sermon on
dec: new york archdiocese distances itself from sermon on gay priests

article: ugandan prime minister apollo nsibambi has called on ugandans to take a leaf out of the martyrs example and fight for unity in the east african country .
ref: ugandan pm calls for unity in country
dec: ugandan pm calls on ugandans to take leaf out of martyrs

article: pakistan saturday listed three pre-conditions for sending its troops to iraq , including approval from the country 's parliament , the official associated press of pakistan reported .
ref: pakistan lists three pre-conditions for sending troops to iraq
dec: pakistan lists three pre-conditions for sending troops to iraq

article: blowing whistles and singing protest songs , tens of thousands of workers across south africa marched tuesday in a nationwide strike protesting the government 's privatization plans .
ref: south african workers march to protest government 's privatization plans
dec: south africa workers protest privatization plans

article: ecuadorian president rafael correa on friday held the first session of what he called his `` itinerant cabinet '' in tena to tackle problems in the region .
ref: ecuadorian president launches <unk> cabinet to fix problems
dec: ecuadorian president calls itinerant cabinet

article: human rights watch on thursday accused sri lanka of failing to probe the recruitment of child soldiers by a tamil militant group linked to government forces .
ref: hrw slams sri lanka over failure to probe child soldiers
dec: human rights watch accuses sri lanka of failing to probe child recruitment

article: some ##.## percent of the brazilians considered that violence has been out of control in the country , a poll conducted by the company <unk> said .
ref: most brazilians think violence out of control in brazil
dec: ##.## percent of brazilians considered violence

article: tourist arrivals reached #.## million in the first eight months of the year , up ##.# percent from ###,### posted during the same period last year .
ref: tourist arrivals up in philippines
dec: tourist arrivals up ##.# percent in first eight months

article: one soldier was killed and two others were injured in a bomb explosion in the southern philippine island of jolo on saturday , the military said .
ref: # soldier killed # injured in southern philippine bomb blast
dec: one soldier killed in bomb explosion in southern philippines

article: liz mccolgan was named in britain 's squad for the european cup here on tuesday -- despite not racing a major event for over a year .
ref: mccolgan in shock euro cup comeback
dec: mccolgan named in britain squad for european cup

article: the head restraints in your car or minivan might be next to useless in protecting against whiplash injuries , an insurance industry trade group said wednesday .
ref: insurance group says most cars have inadequate head restraints
dec: insurance group says head restraints next to useless in your car or minivan

article: hong kong gold prices opened lower wednesday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , down from tuesday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars an ounce .
ref: hong kong gold opens lower
dec: hong kong gold opens lower

article: two garment sweatshops employing chinese nationals were raided by police in the paris region over the weekend and six people were arrested , police announced monday .
ref: garment sweatshops employing chinese nationals raided in paris
dec: two garment sweatshops employing chinese nationals arrested in paris

article: racing lens jumped to the second place in french first division league on saturday after beating valenciennes #-# and lille were held #-# by struggling nantes .
ref: lens rises to second beating valenciennes #-#
dec: lens jumps to second place in french first division league

article: britain 's ban on land mines will become total with the elimination of an exemption for `` exceptional circumstances , '' the government said friday .
ref: government bans last exemption for land mine use
dec: british ban on land mines to become elimination of exemption

article: the australian share market gained #.# percent thursday to their third consecutive record high close after a strong performance on wall street , brokers said .
ref: australian shares close #.# percent higher
dec: australian shares gain #.# percent to record high close

article: a member of the opposition khmer nation party in the northwestern province of siem reap has been fatally shot , a party leader said thursday .
ref: member of opposition party killed
dec: khmer nation party member fatally shot

article: the thai stock market rose #.## percent monday , on the back of expectations for strong second-quarter earnings in the property sector , dealers said .
ref: thai stock market rises #.## percent
dec: thai stock market up #.## percent

article: a myanmar government official says the court presiding over the trial of detained opposition leader aung san suu kyi will deliver its verdict on friday .
ref: aung san suu kyi verdict set for friday in myanmar
dec: myanmar court to deliver verdict on suu kyi trial

article: wall street stocks traded moderately higher tuesday as strong earnings reports from some technology companies helped investors put aside some of their interest rate concerns .
ref: wall street stocks gain on strong earnings in technology sector
dec: wall street stocks trade higher

article: french third seed amelie mauresmo won the first set #-# in saturday 's australian open women 's singles final against eighth seeded belgian justine henin-hardenne .
ref: mauresmo wins first set in australian open final
dec: mauresmo wins australian open final

article: the united states of america and zimbabwe wednesday signed in harare an updated investment incentive agreement to encourage more american investment in the country .
ref: u.s. zimbabwe sign investment deal
dec: u.s. zimbabwe sign investment agreement

article: switzerland 's struggling national airline said tuesday that it has reached a deal to join british airways and american airlines in the oneworld alliance .
ref: swiss carrier to join british airways american airlines in oneworld alliance
dec: swiss airline reaches deal to join british airways airlines

article: construction workers in southern thailand have unearthed a bomb believed to have dropped from a plane during world war ii , police said sunday .
ref: world war ii bomb found at thai construction site
dec: construction workers unearthed bomb in southern thailand

article: the head of a bank at the center of algeria 's biggest ever corruption scandal was sentenced in absentia thursday to life in prison .
ref: exiled head of algerian bank gets life sentence in fraud trial
dec: algeria bank head sentenced to life in prison

article: the south african rand was trading in a narrow range against the us dollar in tuesday afternoon trade in a very quiet market .
ref: s. african rand range bound in quiet market
dec: s. african rand trading

article: a runner who was to represent kenya at the world junior championships has been removed from the team for lying about his age .
ref: kenyan runner removed for lying about age
dec: kenya runner removed from world junior championships

article: mexico will spend #.## billion pesos -lrb- $ ### million -rrb- this year to improve police training and equipment , government officials said .
ref: mexico spending $ ### mln in #### to improve police forces
dec: mexico to spend $ ### million to improve police training

article: hard-man vinnie jones admitted here on sunday that he felt ashamed of biting the nose of a newpaper reporter in dublin last wednesday .
ref: jones ashamed of biting reporter 's nose
dec: vinnie jones admits ashamed of biting nose of reporter

article: a libyan airliner , the first after the u.n. suspension of air embargo earlier this month , landed at damascus international airport saturday .
ref: first libyan airliner lands at damascus
dec: libyan airliner lands at damascus airport

article: more than ## hostages held for several hours in a philadelphia check - cashing establishment were freed friday , a police spokeswoman said .
ref: all hostages held in philadelphia freed
dec: more hostages freed in philadelphia

article: laura davies will become the fourth woman to tee it up against men this year when she plays in the korean open .
ref: davies to play against the men in korean open
dec: laura davies to become fourth woman to tee up against men in korean open

article: consumer prices inched up in october , driven almost entirely by rising gasoline costs , according to government statistics released on wednesday .
ref: consumer prices tame in october
dec: consumer prices rise in october

article: china plans to eradicate its budget deficit by the end of this century as a way to revitalize the sluggish state treasury .
ref: target set to eliminate fiscal deficit
dec: china plans to eradicate budget deficit

article: sterling rose on the london exchange wednesday , boosted by latest monthly statistics showing a sharp increase in manufacturing production for april .
ref: sterling rises on back of strong manufacturing performance
dec: sterling rises on london exchange

article: the world 's biggest aluminium producer , alcoa , said monday it was taking full control of a chinese <unk> joint venture .
ref: alcoa buys out chinese aluminium venture
dec: alcoa takes full control of chinese joint venture

article: ireland midfielder jason mcateer picked up a leg injury in saturday 's world cup tuneup against the club side sanfrecce hiroshima .
ref: ireland midfielder jason mcateer injured ; keane arrives home
dec: mcateer has leg injury in world cup tuneup

article: former figure skater tonya harding was cited for drunken driving after she crashed her pickup into a ditch , police said .
ref: tonya harding cited for drunken driving
dec: tonya harding cited for drunken driving

article: forty citizens were commended for their bravery in helping the police fight crime during the good citizen award presentation ceremony friday .
ref: forty hk citizens commended for fighting crime
dec: forty citizens commended for police fight crime in good citizen award

article: un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali reaffirmed his support tuesday for the french plan for intervention in rwanda , his spokesman said .
ref: boutros-ghali reaffirms support for french operation in rwanda
dec: un chief reaffirms support for french plan for rwanda

article: walt disney co. said it will combine its u.s. and international video distribution units into one division run by michael johnson .
ref: disney combines domestic and international video divisions
dec: disney to combine u.s. video distribution units

article: a <unk> states commission for environmental cooperation -lrb- cec -rrb- met today for the strengthening of regional cooperation in environment protection .
ref: mexico canada u.s. meet on environmental issues
dec: cec commission meets for environmental cooperation

article: narain karthikeyan is delighted after securing a test driver role with the williams f# team for the coming season here friday .
ref: karthikeyan can not hide his delight over f# drive
dec: karthikeyan delighted for test driver role with williams

article: a former swiss policeman and his filipino sister-in-law were killed during a robbery in the northern philippines , police said saturday .
ref: swiss man filipino sister-in-law killed in northern philippines
dec: former swiss policeman killed in robbery in northern philippines

article: american airlines ' pilots union leaders recessed a daylong meeting before voting on whether to approve a four-year contract proposal .
ref: american pilots recess meeting without vote on contract
dec: american pilots union leaders meet on contract proposal

article: eight artists from <unk> , germany , joined a cultural exhibition that opened saturday in the taipei county cultural center .
ref: german artists join cultural exhibition in taipei county
dec: eight artists attend cultural exhibition in taipei county

article: china has increased its investment in residential buildings last year , according to figures from the national bureau of statistics .
ref: china spends more on residential buildings
dec: china increases investment in residential buildings

article: grasshoppers of zurich easily downed norway 's brann bergen #-# in the second qualifying round of the uefa cup tuesday .
ref: grasshoppers zurich beat brann bergen #-# in uefa cup
dec: grasshoppers beats bergen #-# in uefa cup qualifying

article: uruguayan strike daniel fonseca looks set to miss out on the upcoming world cup , according to local reports .
ref: veteran fonseca looks set to miss out on world cup
dec: uruguayan strike looks to miss world cup

article: parliament speakers of iran and turkey on saturday underlined the need to respect iraq 's territorial integrity and independence .
ref: iran turkey underline respect to iraqi
dec: iran turkey lawmakers voice need to respect iraq 's territorial integrity

article: germany 's judith arndt won the women 's individual pursuit title at the world cycling championships on sunday .
ref: german <unk> wins pursuit title
dec: arndt wins women 's individual pursuit title at world cycling championships

article: santos defeated real madrid of spain #-# in an exhibition game marking the farewell of two soccer idols .
ref: santos <unk> real madrid in farewell to giovanni zamorano
dec: santos beats real madrid #-# in exhibition game

article: hong kong stocks dipped ###.# points , or #.## percent , to open at ##,###.## on wednesday .
ref: hong kong stocks open lower
dec: hong kong stocks open lower

article: the united states on wednesday threatened to bring nine yugoslav commanders to the international war crimes tribunal .
ref: u.s. threatens yugoslav commanders for war trial
dec: u.s. threatens to bring nine yugoslav commanders to war crimes tribunal

article: q. i have some nice wrought-iron chairs , but the fiberglass seats fell into the chair opening .
ref: on repairing <unk> chair <unk> windows
dec: seats fall into chair opening

article: steaua struggled hard to gain an unexpected #-# victory over paris st. germain on wednesday .
ref: repeating to fix headline steaua bucharest # paris st. germain # in champions cup
dec: steaua struggles hard to gain #-# victory vs. paris st. germain

article: share prices on malaysia stock market closed sharply higher friday boosted by foreign buying .
ref: foreign exchange rates in malaysia
dec: malaysia stock market closes higher

article: gerry <unk> does n't remember as much about it as you would think .
ref: hockey memories from gerry <unk>
dec: gerry <unk> aims to improve the pace

article: mexican stocks closed slightly higher wednesday with the key ipc index reaching #,### .
ref: mexican stocks close higher
dec: mexican stocks close slightly higher

article: the national hockey league has never played a season like this one .
ref: a unique season for the nhl
dec: national hockey league has never played a season

article: share prices on the london stock exchange were lower at midday tuesday .
ref: london share prices down at midday
dec: london share prices lower at midday

article: share prices on the jakarta stock exchange ended lower on monday .
ref: jakarta stocks end lower
dec: jakarta stocks end lower

article: peruvian stocks were little changed as higher shares in cia .
ref: peru stocks little changed ; buenaventura shares higher
dec: peruvian stocks little changed amid cia shares

article: three days after he was accused of the shooting death of a sheriff 's deputy , the former civil rights leader who was known as h. rap brown was arrested on monday night in a rural alabama field after an exchange of gunfire in the small town of whitehall , police officials said .
ref: ## 's rights leader is arrested in death of sheriff 's deputy
dec: former civil rights leader arrested in shooting of sheriff 's deputy

article: the young militants of the al aqsa martyrs brigades , who have emerged as the shock troops of the ##-month palestinian uprising , are delivering a blunt challenge to their israeli foes and the palestinian leader to whom they owe their loyalty : truce or no truce , they will keep fighting .
ref: arafat 's future could hinge on actions of martyrs brigades
dec: al aqsa militants delivering blunt challenge to israeli foes

article: celso amorim , president of the u.n. security council , said on monday that he did not expect the council 's upcoming consultations on kosovo to be productive , but `` it is important for the u.n. to give appropriate attention to the situation '' in the serb province of kosovo .
ref: security council president sees consultations
dec: security council says not expect council 's consultations on kosovo

article: hurricane isabel closed in on north carolina 's outer banks with ### mph -lrb- ### kph -rrb- winds and the potential for up to a foot -lrb- ## centimeters -rrb- of rain , threatening to cause ruinous flooding across a huge swath of the already soggy u.s. east coast .
ref: isabel closes in on north carolina ; flooding fears extend across east
dec: hurricane isabel threatens to cause flooding in u.s. east coast

article: for verbally attacking the referee 's following the galaxy 's #-# loss to d.c. united in november 's mls cup -- galaxy coach sigi schmid was slapped with a $ #,### fine and a suspension for saturday 's major league soccer season opener with colorado at the rose bowl .
ref: galaxy wins opener #-#
dec: galaxy coach slapped with suspension for opener

article: arab investors from the gulf cooperation council -lrb- gcc -rrb- and middle east announced a joint venture with the sudanese government to set up a bank in khartoum , the capital of sudan , the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- ' state wam news agency reported sunday .
ref: arab investors to set up bank in sudan
dec: arab investors announce joint venture with sudanese to set up bank in khartoum

article: a federal administrative judge has ruled that a grade strike by teaching assistants at yale university during the ####-## school year was not a `` protected '' labor action , but left open the question of whether the assistants are employees of the university or students .
ref: ta strike against yale not labor action judge rules
dec: judge rules grade strike at yale university

article: brian roberts led off the game with a home run , and nick markakis and fernando tatis also connected to lead the baltimore orioles to a ##-# rout thursday that left the new york yankees staggering a bit heading into their big weekend series in boston .
ref: roberts markakis homer lead orioles to ##-# rout of yankees
dec: roberts pitches orioles past yankees

article: india said friday it was concerned by a report that its rival pakistan has acquired nuclear-capable missiles from north korea , and fears that if true it could lead to a new nuclear arms race in the region , threatened with war earlier this year .
ref: results from the swisscom challenge
dec: india concerned over pakistan missiles

article: president barack obama 's nominee for u.s. supreme court justice , sonia sotomayor , faces tough questioning tuesday from republican senators about her ability to judge fairly as she seeks to lock up all-but-certain confirmation as the first hispanic on the nation 's top tribunal .
ref: sotomayor to face senators questions tuesday
dec: obama nominee faces tough questioning from republican senators

article: hundreds of demonstrators took to the streets on monday in downtown manhattan to protest against us president george w. bush 's obsession with war on iraq and occupation of the country to the neglect of domestic issues such as education , health care and employment .
ref: new yorkers protest against bush 's iraq policy
dec: hundreds protest against bush obsession with war on iraq

article: when most people think of nantucket , they envision a remote , often fog-covered island , best known for its pristine beaches , moors , <unk> houses and an old-world <unk> that evokes the island 's past as the world 's foremost whaling center .
ref: a new links course for old nantucket
dec: most people think of nantucket in whaling center

article: since sept. ## , #### , an obscure but powerful tribunal -- the foreign intelligence surveillance court -- has been a solid ally of the bush administration , approving hundreds of requests allowing government agents to monitor the conversations and communications of suspected terrorists .
ref: a question of why secret program <unk> surveillance court
dec: foreign intelligence court seeks government agents to monitor conversations

article: ukraine 's acting finance minister said wednesday the government has launched talks on restructuring the foreign borrowings of the state energy firm naftogaz , in a worrying sign that the company at the center of europe 's natural gas trade is in financial trouble .
ref: ukraine seeks restructuring of naftogaz debt
dec: ukraine government launches talks on foreign borrowings of energy firm

article: despite a strong economy and a record of cutting taxes , gov. christie whitman is battling for re-election against a little-known democratic challenger who has put her on the defensive on the issue that is most important to new jersey voters : auto insurance .
ref: car insurance issue heats up whitman 's re-election race
dec: whitman fights for re-election

article: visiting u.n. secretary general kofi annan invoked the specter of a full-blown aids epidemic in china for a second straight day tuesday , telling government officials and health educators that only `` a complete mobilization of society '' can stem the tide of disease .
ref: u.n. 's annan meets with hu china 's probable next president
dec: annan invokes specter of aids epidemic in china

article: world 's cosmetics leader l'oreal netted record profits of #.# billion euros -lrb- #.# billion u.s. dollars -rrb- in #### , results which boost the confidence of the group for #### , according to a statement published by the group on thursday .
ref: french l'oreal registers record profits in ####
dec: l'oreal reports record profits in ####

article: imagine andy griffith reading albert camus while watching `` the twilight zone '' and you have some idea of what 's going on with `` julian po , '' alan wade 's darkly comic fable about a stranger in a small town .
ref: julian po is an audacious offbeat fable
dec: wade touts twilight zone

article: tuition costs at public colleges rose more rapidly last year than at any time over the past three decades , according to a new report by the college board , which collects data from more than #,### institutions , public and private .
ref: public college tuition soared in ## report says
dec: tuition costs at public colleges rise

article: the european union and south korea are moving closer to a free-trade agreement , but the ##-nation bloc is not yet ready to sign the deal because of potential questions from some eu members , sweden 's prime minister said monday .
ref: eu not yet ready to sign south korea trade pact
dec: eu south korea moving closer to free-trade agreement

article: amid the muddy cacophony of kabul 's <unk> market , where moneychangers wave wads of afghani bills and vendors squat over pots of snuff tobacco , two women pass by , shawls draped over their heads but their faces bravely bared .
ref: more afghan women shed their burqas but most still wait behind the
dec: two women pass kabul market

article: on the eve of his daughter 's wedding , american immigrant dr. david <unk> sat with the young woman late into the evening at a coffee house , sharing some fatherly advice on marriage when a suicide bomber shattered the cafe .
ref: israeli emergency room doctor daughter killed in jerusalem bombing on eve of wedding
dec: american immigrant tries to fight on marriage

article: a security guard who foiled a weekend terror attack next to the u.s. embassy spent monday at a luxury hotel , reunited with his wife , counting reward money and planning to move out of a tiny trailer he called home .
ref: guard who foiled terror attack starts building new life with wife money
dec: security guard who foiled terror attack in u.s. embassy lands at luxury hotel

article: president george w. bush plans a side trip to st. petersburg , russian president vladimir putin 's hometown , at the end of november to help mark the city 's upcoming ###th anniversary , a senior u.s. official said thursday .
ref: bush plans stop in putin 's hometown
dec: bush plans side trip to st. petersburg to help mark ###th anniversary

article: a festival featuring a number of traditional children 's games and toys opened sunday at the national center for traditional arts in the northeastern county of yilan as part of its theme activities for the second quarter of the year .
ref: traditional arts center presents folk games for children
dec: festival on children 's games and toys opens in yilan

article: speaking a week ahead of the resumption of talks for the reunification of cyprus , a senior turkish cypriot official painted a bleak picture of settlement prospects , saying the greek cypriot side had no wish to see a solution .
ref: turkish cypriot minister paints bleak picture of settlement
dec: turkish cypriot official says bleak picture of settlement prospects

article: west african representatives met saturday to approve a plan to deploy regional forces in ivory coast to replace french troops monitoring a fragile , week-old truce in the fighting between government and rebel forces that broke out a month ago .
ref: representatives of west african states meet to decide on troop deployment in ivory coast
dec: west african representatives meet to approve plan to deploy regional forces in ivory coast

article: several days into the #### los angeles riots , as exhausted police officers on ##-hour shifts had just about restored order , a patrol supervisor walked into the rampart district station house and encountered a scene that made him angry .
ref: squads that tripped up walking the bad walk
dec: patrol supervisor walks into los angeles riots

article: usain bolt is gearing up for next month 's world championships by running friday at the areva meeting outside paris , and a world record in the ###-meter race at the golden league event is not out of the question .
ref: bolt gearing up for worlds at areva meeting
dec: bolt gearing up for world championships

article: the national survey , commissioned by the consumer federation of america and bank of america , surprised analysts who predicted the shock of a terrorist attack on u.s. soil would prompt a `` live for today '' attitude among consumers .
ref: consumers focus more on being frugal in aftermath of terrorist
dec: national survey predicts live for consumers

article: queen elizabeth ii has written to prince charles , the heir to the british throne , and to his estranged wife , the princess of wales , urging them to agree to an early divorce , buckingham palace said wednesday .
ref: britain 's queen urges early divorce for charles diana
dec: queen elizabeth asks to agree to early divorce

article: more than ##,### people gathered here on sunday to mourn the victims of last week 's high-rise apartment fire that killed ## people and injured about ## others , exposing potential safety hazards in this city 's breakneck building boom .
ref: thousands gather to mourn victims of high-rise blaze
dec: ##,### people mourn victims of high-rise fire

article: israeli prime minister ariel sharon arrived home early thursday after cutting short a trip to india to consider how to respond to two palestinian suicide bombings , and an official said options included invading gaza or expelling yasser arafat .
ref: sharon cuts off india trip to consider harsh response to palestinian suicide bombings
dec: sharon arrives home after cutting trip to india to consider how to respond to palestinian

article: when mary robinson , the u.n. high commissioner for human rights , visited a refugee camp in nepal a few years ago , one of its youngest residents , ganga adhikari , was not allowed inside the meeting hall .
ref: u.n. diplomacy meets its match in the ideals of youth
dec: u.n. high commissioner visits refugee camp in nepal

article: hong kong , january # -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- denys <unk> from ukraine won the men 's ### meters butterfly event with a time of one minute ##.## seconds at the world cup short-course swimming meeting here on saturday .
ref: ukrainian wins men 's ###m butterfly at world cup
dec: <unk> wins men 's ### meters butterfly event at world cup

article: the blackstone group raised its offer for dynegy on tuesday afternoon , the eve of a scheduled vote on a proposed $ #.# billion buyout that has encountered stiff opposition from two of the energy company 's biggest shareholders .
ref: blackstone raises offer for dynegy
dec: blackstone raises offer for dynegy

article: as the hewlett-packard proxy fight approaches tuesday 's deadline , walter b. hewlett is winning the battle for the hearts and wallets of individual investors , according to the firm that is trying to help hewlett drum up votes .
ref: small investors said to reject hewlett deal
dec: hewlett winning battle for hearts

article: one early evening in auckland , new zealand 's largest city , i was riding a bicycle along <unk> drive , the harborside boulevard that runs from the center of the city along the water into the eastern suburbs .
ref: in auckland life is <unk>
dec: new zealand city riding bicycle along water drive

article: sharks , blessed by a miracle in the seventh round when they turn the tables by scoring a final-minute win over <unk> dragons to snap their <unk> streak , were destroyed by rockets ##-### in a one-sided match .
ref: miracle short-lived as rockets blow sharks
dec: sharks destroyed in match

article: israeli troops backed by tanks and jeeps surrounded a house in hebron early monday , exchanging fire with at least one gunman inside and demolishing the building without pulling anyone out , palestinian witnesses and military officials said .
ref: israeli troops exchange fire with hebron palestinians demolish house
dec: israeli troops raid house in hebron

article: some prominent russian human rights activists said monday they fear they wo n't be able to talk frankly and in detail about russia 's checkered rights record when they meet briefly with president barack obama during the summit .
ref: russian rights activists seek obama s ear
dec: russian rights activists say fear of russia rights record

article: across the country , thousands of people planned to celebrate at private and public parties as abc television made history last night when the leading character on its comedy `` ellen '' acknowledged her lesbianism in prime time .
ref: tv comedy makes history with first lesbian star
dec: ellen acknowledges lesbianism in prime time

article: access to radio waves has become crucial to the military 's far-flung operations and precision munitions , u.s. defense department officials told congress on tuesday , expressing concern about encroachment by commercial users and difficulty getting rights overseas .
ref: pentagon officials stress military 's need for airwaves
dec: u.s. defense department says radio waves crucial to military operations

article: a senior state minister in the indian-controlled portion of kashmir on thursday offered to quit amid allegations that his ancestral house had been used by islamic guerrillas involved in an attack on a hindu temple last year .
ref: kashmir minister offers to quit amid allegations of links with terrorists
dec: senior state minister offers to quit in kashmir

article: gunmen holding hundreds of hostages in a moscow theater threatened to begin killing them at dawn saturday if their demands are not met , a spokeswoman for the musical that was interrupted by the raid said friday .
ref: moscow theater gunmen threaten to begin killing hostages at dawn
dec: gunmen threaten hostages in moscow theater

article: at least one passenger suspected of being an insurgent managed to board an afghan airliner bound for the middle east before the authorities ordered the plane to return to kabul , afghan and nato officials said wednesday .
ref: insurgency suspect seized aboard afghan airliner
dec: one passenger suspected to board afghan airliner to return to kabul

article: share prices opened low but closed higher on the taiwan stock exchange -lrb- taiex -rrb- on tuesday , with the weighted index , the market 's key barometer , moving up ##.## points to close at #,###.## .
ref: shares rebound on taiex futures firm
dec: prices up on taipei stock market

article: lawyers for survivors of a ##-year-old massacre in two palestinian refugee camps in lebanon , made their closing arguments wednesday to persuade an appeals court to let belgium try israeli prime minister ariel sharon for war crimes .
ref: belgian court hears final arguments whether or not to accept sharon
dec: lawyers ask court to let belgium try sharon for war crimes

article: when confronted with the reality that he would be extradited to the u.n. war crimes tribunal , a former serbian police chief and suspected war criminal picked up a gun and fired a round through his head .
ref: key war crimes suspects will not surrender easy with <unk> crimes
dec: former serbian police chief fires gun

article: by the end of last year , #,### people in nepal were afflicted with hiv , the virus which causes aids , and ### people had died from aids , the official rss news agency reported wednesday .
ref: ### people die from aids in nepal
dec: #,### people afflicted with hiv in nepal

article: the media has a critical role in building democracy in the balkans by separating facts from the propaganda that led to a decade of wars , a key official of a leading media watchdog said friday .
ref: leader of press watchdog group says media critical to democracy in
dec: media watchdog says media has critical role in building democracy in balkans

article: two main iraqi opposition leaders met here on monday to discuss issues related to the overthrow of the iraqi regime by a possible war led by the united states , the official irna news agency reported .
ref: iraqi opposition leaders discuss post-saddam issues in iran
dec: iraqi opposition leaders meet to discuss overthrow of iraqi regime

article: canada 's defense minister john mccallum is here for discussions with afghan leaders on the upcoming peacekeeping mission of canadian troops in the afghan capital , an official of the afghan defense ministry said on monday .
ref: canadian defense minister visits kabul on peacekeeping
dec: canadian defense minister to discussions with afghan leaders on peacekeeping mission

article: the first time prince ahmed bin salman of saudi arabia went to see a man about a horse , it was in the early ####s and he was studying comparative culture at the university of <unk> .
ref: saudi owner of <unk> horse avoids talk of politics
dec: saudi prince touts man about horse

article: the major european stock markets ended lower wednesday , dampened by declines of oil companies and wait-and-see attitude by investors towards how the federal reserve will present its first us interest rate hike in four years .
ref: major european stocks end lower
dec: major european stock markets end lower

article: choicepoint , the largest us company in the field of gathering consumer financial data for businesses , agreed thursday to pay a ##-million-dollar penalty for a data breach that exposed the personal records of ###,### people .
ref: us company to pay ##-million-dollar penalty for data breach
dec: choicepoint to pay ##-million-dollar penalty for data breach

article: south korean share prices closed #.## percent higher friday , extending their run-up for a third day to break ### points for the first time in two months , led by samsung electronics , dealers said .
ref: seoul shares close #.## percent higher
dec: seoul shares close #.## percent higher

article: the commanding general of the ###st airborne division that controls northern iraq has promised to treat saddam hussein 's fugitive defense minister with `` utmost dignity and respect '' if he surrenders to american forces .
ref: americans offering simple honorable way out for fugitive defense minister
dec: u.s. general promises to treat saddam 's fugitive defense minister

article: shaquille o'neal says he is considering an offer to play in the #### olympics but san antonio 's tim duncan and minnesota 's kevin garnett will definitely not play for the united states at beijing .
ref: duncan says no shaq maybe to #### us olympic basketball
dec: o'neal considering offer to play in olympics

article: ernesto pascale , managing director of italian telecommunication company stet , confirmed wednesday that his group has held talks with computer giant ibm , but said `` there has not yet been any agreement '' .
ref: stet cites talks with ibm but no agreement yet
dec: italian telecommunication director says held talks with ibm

article: tidal waves triggered by an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale killed at least ### people and left ## others missing on the southern coast of east java on friday , indonesian officials said .
ref: east java quake leaves ### dead ## missing
dec: ### killed in tidal waves in southern indonesia

article: a european union deadline for software giant microsoft to conform to its antitrust demands expired at midnight , and the eu is now studying proposals the us company has made , officials said on wednesday .
ref: eu deadline passes microsoft awaits brussels response
dec: microsoft deadline deadline to conform to antitrust demands

article: despite a larger-than-expected increase in tax revenues , the federal budget deficit has grown by some $ ## billion and will hit a record $ ### billion this year , the white house projected friday .
ref: white house puts positive spin on record deficit
dec: federal budget deficit to hit record $ ### billion

article: shanghai registered a record-high consumption of ##.## million kwh of electricity at about #:## p.m. friday , which was ##,### kwh more than the previous record high , according to the local power supply department .
ref: shanghai hits record high in power consumption
dec: shanghai has record-high consumption of electricity

article: a team of russian journalists , shut off the airwaves in january in bankruptcy proceedings they say were rigged , scored a victory wednesday when they won the right to continue broadcasting on national television .
ref: russian tv journalists win right to return to airwaves
dec: russian journalists win right to continue broadcasting

article: angry demonstrators tuesday set fire to two government buildings in a remote town of southwestern pakistan to protest the decision by local electoral authorities to rescind the victory of a nationalist candidate , police said .
ref: violence erupts in southwestern pakistan after reversal of candidate 's win
dec: protesters burn two government buildings in pakistan

article: the death toll in the victory day parade bombing in the southern russian town of <unk> rose to ## after a musician taking part in the parade died from his injuries , officials said sunday .
ref: death toll in victory day blast in southern russia rises to ##
dec: death toll in russian bombing bombing rises to ##

article: taiwan registered a trade surplus of us$ ##.## billion in the first nine months of this year , setting a new high , an official of the ministry of finance -lrb- mof -rrb- said monday .
ref: taiwan sets new trade surplus record in first nine months
dec: taiwan registers trade surplus in first nine months

article: dissident forces in iraq , be they baathist remnants or whatever , seem to be having little trouble bringing themselves on , without any <unk> urging from bush , as they attack the u.s. military .
ref: bush seeks to star in dirty harry remake
dec: dissident forces attack u.s. military in iraq

article: hong kong tourist association -lrb- hkta -rrb- said wednesday it regretted having placed an advertisement thanking sponsors of last week 's lunar new year parade which killed one man and left ## others injured .
ref: hong kong tourist body expresses regret over advertisement
dec: hong kong tourist association regrets advertisement thanking sponsors of lunar new year parade

article: china will launch a four-year geographical survey of the great wall , which is on the world heritage of the unesco , in april to determine its exact length , layout and current conditions .
ref: china to measure length of great wall
dec: china to launch survey of great wall

article: israel 's cabinet barred a u.n. fact-finding mission on sunday from investigating allegations surrounding israeli army actions in a west bank refugee camp , saying the united nations is `` out to get us .
ref: israeli cabinet bars u.n. fact-finding team agrees to plan to end arafat siege
dec: israeli cabinet blocks u.n. fact-finding mission on refugee camp

article: european union observers assailed the military government saturday for trying to distort pakistan 's election by giving preferential treatment to pro-government candidates , misusing state news broadcasts , and locking out top political rivals .
ref: european observers cite serious flaws in pakistani election process
dec: eu observers slam military for trying to distort pakistan election

article: an iranian man has filed for divorce from his wife of ## years after learning she had been secretly drugging him to avoid disturbing his sleep with her snoring , a newspaper reported tuesday .
ref: iranian man seeks to divorce snoring wife
dec: iranian man files for divorce

article: iran has prepared a list of ##,### iranians who have been held prisoner or been missing in iraq since the ####-#### war , an official said tuesday as he released the first such figures .
ref: iran prepares list of ##,### pows mias from war with iraq
dec: iran prepared list of ##,### iranians missing in iraq

article: turkey and the european union meet this week to discuss turkish integration with the ##-member bloc , which has upset the turks by favoring former communist nations ahead of them as potential full members .
ref: turkish officials to attend eu meeting to promote membership
dec: turkey eu to discuss turkish integration

article: european stock markets weakened in early dealing on wednesday after a mixed showing on wall street the previous day and as ex-dividend factors weighed on london 's ftse ### index of leading shares .
ref: european stocks lower in early deals
dec: european stock markets weaken after mixed

article: over ### french troops have arrived in uganda to take part in the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- operation in northeastern ituri region of the democratic republic of the congo -lrb- drc -rrb- .
ref: ### french troops in uganda await deployment in congo
dec: french troops arrive in uganda to take part in eu operation in congo

article: israeli prime minister ehud barak said sunday that israel will put off troop withdrawal from the west bank stipulated in an interim agreement with the palestinians until october # , israel radio reported .
ref: israel considers delaying troop withdrawal until
dec: barak says israel to put off troop withdrawal from west bank

article: law-enforcement personnel have seized more than ### kg of ketamine from a container in keelung port and have arrested seven suspects , a spokesman for the ministry of justice investigation bureau said friday .
ref: over ### kg of ketamine seized from container in keelung
dec: seven kg of ketamine seized in keelung

article: a former chemical banking corp. trader in new york was sentenced to ## months in prison for concealing a $ ## million trading loss amassed from failed bets on the mexican peso .
ref: <unk> bank currency trader sentenced to ## months prison
dec: former chemical trader sentenced to ## months in prison for concealing bets on peso

article: after ## months in its sumptuous new digs in boston , salamander restaurant has filed for bankruptcy protection and is up for sale , according to stan <unk> , chef and owner .
ref: boston 's salamander is up for sale
dec: salamander restaurant files for bankruptcy protection

article: cricketer shane warne was the highest profile athlete banned as sports doping offenses increased by ## percent in australia in the ####-#### testing period , the australian sports drug agency said monday .
ref: doping caseload increases in australia
dec: warne highest profile athlete as sports doping offenses in australia

article: asian stocks closed mixed on thursday amid some relief over easing oil prices but trade remained cautious and gains were capped ahead of a probable interest rate hike in the united states .
ref: asian stocks close mixed ahead us rate decision
dec: asian stocks close mixed

article: union pacific corp. 's third-quarter earnings will fall short of previous expectations because of the extra costs the railroad is incurring to deal with safety and other operating problems , analysts said .
ref: union pacific 's safety other problems seen hurting earnings
dec: union pacific third-quarter earnings to fall short of expectations

article: sudan 's government and the main rebel force said thursday that peace talks were progressing well , with the foreign minister adding the negotiations could produce a final settlement '' within days .
ref: sudan 's warring parties are upbeat about the prospects of a settlement in near future
dec: sudan government rebel force says peace talks progressing well

article: five years ago , john <unk> decided he was wasting too much time driving from his office in ventura , calif. , to visit clients and attend meetings all over the state .
ref: taking the office to the highway
dec: <unk> aims to visit

article: saudi arabia has discovered a gas field in its central region and is planning to continue drilling to assess its reserves , oil minister hisham nazer was quoted on thursday as saying .
ref: saudi arabia reports discovery of gas field
dec: saudi arabia discovers gas field in central region

article: a house banking subcommittee chairwoman is calling for speedy passage of a bill that would force banks to disclose the fees charged to customers when withdrawing money from an automated tell machine .
ref: u.s. lawmaker calls for action on atm <unk> bill
dec: house chairwoman calls for speedy passage of bill on fees

article: swiss authorities have issued former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto and her husband asif zardari with a six months ' suspended sentence in a graft case , their lawyer announced here tuesday .
ref: key dates in bhutto 's political career
dec: swiss issues former pakistani prime minister bhutto

article: police and security forces battled insurgents in russia 's violent north caucasus region wednesday , killing at least two alleged militants after a battle that left one officer dead , officials said .
ref: more gunbattles in russia s north caucasus
dec: two alleged militants killed in russia

article: chechen leaders meeting under president dzhokhar dudayev have vowed to pursue `` the armed struggle '' against russian troops unless moscow agrees to negotiate with them , an ingush mediator said friday .
ref: dudayev vows to fight on ; russia <unk> rebel 's files
dec: chechen leaders vow to pursue armed struggle against russian troops

article: the government is negotiating to pay a multimillion-dollar settlement to the the estate of former president richard m. nixon for his white house papers and records , administration officials said saturday .
ref: nixon library deal would settle long dispute
dec: government negotiating to pay settlement to nixon estate

article: saudi arabia and yemen have opened a crossing point along their long desert frontier in a bid to boost trade and monitor smuggling , the official saudi press agency has reported .
ref: saudi arabia and yemen inaugurate border crossing
dec: saudi yemen opens crossing point to boost trade and smuggling

article: a flash flood killed six people in southern algeria when torrential rains caused <unk> to overflow , while high winds brought down trees and walls , press reports said on saturday .
ref: flash floods kill six in algeria
dec: flash flood kills six people in southern algeria

article: president nelson mandela friday told parliament there was an `` absolute need '' for the truth commission he has ordered to investigate crimes committed during the apartheid era in south africa .
ref: mandela insists on need for truth commission
dec: mandela says absolute need for truth commission

article: sale sharks forward magnus lund , who has made a rapid rise since his club debut three years ago , said his england call up was `` a dream come true .
ref: lund 's dream england call-up
dec: lund says sale sharks a dream

article: an italian appeals court has overturned the homicide conviction of a man who disconnected his comatose wife 's life support system in a ruling that has ignited a debate on euthanasia .
ref: court overturns conviction of man who disconnected comatose wife 's
dec: italian court overturns homicide conviction of wife 's support system

article: the lira recovered early on wednesday from an initial sharp fall in reaction to a newspaper report that italy would not qualify as a founder member of the single european currency .
ref: lira recovers from emu worries
dec: lira recovers from initial fall

article: the russian government has replaced the head of the state-run oil monopoly , transneft , with an ally of prime minister sergei kiriyenko , transneft announced in a press release wednesday .
ref: russian government replaces head of state-run oil pipeline
dec: russia replaces head of state-run oil monopoly

article: china believes the people of myanmar are able to handle their own affairs well , maintain stability and enhance economic growth , chinese foreign ministry spokesman kong quan said here tuesday .
ref: china believes myanmar can handle internal affairs well
dec: china says myanmar able to handle economic growth

article: india 's foreign currency assets rose by ### million u.s. dollars to ##.### billion dollars during the week ended on july ## , the reserve bank of india said saturday .
ref: india 's foreign currency assets up
dec: india 's foreign currency assets up

article: president bill clinton welcomed the world to the united states here friday as the #### world cup got underway with a ceremony celebrating the diverse cultures brought together by football .
ref: us welcomes world cup
dec: clinton welcomes world cup

article: european football might bring some impact on the upcoming asian cup , said peter velappan , the general secretary of asian football confederation -lrb- afc -rrb- , here on saturday .
ref: asian cup may suffer impact from euro #### said afc chief
dec: european football might bring impact on asian cup

article: a car bomb exploded monday morning while the vehicle was trying to approach the u.n. compound , killing at least two people and injuring eight , police and witnesses said .
ref: car bomb explodes near u.n. compound in baghdad
dec: car bomb kills two in iraq

article: england 's premiership clubs and rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- are close to resolving a club-versus-country feud that had threatened to end in a divisive and expensive court battle .
ref: peace looms in english rugby 's civil war
dec: england clubs close to resolving feud

article: to the <unk> of a church bell , prince claus , husband of queen beatrix , was buried with royal honors tuesday in the ###-year-old crypt of the dutch monarchy .
ref: prince consort being buried in ancestral tomb of house of orange
dec: prince claus buried with royal honors in dutch monarchy

article: salvaged parts of the wreckage of the pakistani `` <unk> atlantique '' military aircraft downed over gujarat were put up for display at the prime minister 's office wednesday morning .
ref: wreckage of downed pak plane on display in new delhi
dec: salvaged parts of wreckage of pakistani military aircraft in gujarat

article: japanese auto maker mitsubishi has accepted an ## million australian dollar -lrb- dlrs ## million -rrb- support package to prop up its ailing australian operations , the government announced friday .
ref: state assistance secures jobs at troubled auto maker
dec: mitsubishi accepts support package to prop up australian operations

article: european union officials said monday there has been little progress in resolving the steel trade dispute with the united states ahead of an eu-u.s. summit in washington later this week .
ref: steel middle east to top eu-us summit at white house later this
dec: eu officials little progress in steel trade dispute

article: south korea said monday it is willing to grant refuge to five people said to be north korean asylum seekers who were detained by chinese police at a japanese consulate .
ref: as china and foreign diplomats talk south korea offers to take
dec: s. korea willing to grant refuge to north korean asylum seekers

article: stepping up preparations for a possible return to iraq , u.n. weapons inspectors began a month of technical training monday for a new mission to examine saddam hussein 's arsenal .
ref: inspectors begin month of training ahead of possible redeployment
dec: u.n. weapons inspectors start technical training for iraq mission

article: genetic researchers are reporting thursday a finding that could lead to earlier identification of breast cancer in the # to ## percent of cases that are due to faulty genes .
ref: researchers report discovery of breast cancer early warning gene
dec: genetic researchers reporting finding that could lead to earlier identification of breast cancer

article: toshio <unk> singled home the winning run in the bottom of the ninth as the central league 's front-running yokohama baystars edged the yomiuri giants ##-## at yokohama wednesday .
ref: baystars beat giants ##-##
dec: baystars beat giants ##-##

article: the catholic church warned wednesday that france 's `` social peace is at stake '' amid rising attacks against jewish targets and issued an urgent plea for religious tolerance .
ref: france 's catholic church calls for religious tolerance after
dec: catholic church warns social peace at stake

article: the american civil liberties union launched a $ #.# million advertising and lobbying campaign wednesday that accuses the bush administration of eroding freedoms in the name of fighting terrorism .
ref: american civil liberties group accuses of bush administration of curbing freedoms
dec: aclu launches $ #.# million advertising campaign

article: hundreds of faithful have filled the main square of a small northern italian village to greet pope benedict xvi two days after he broke his wrist in a fall .
ref: hundreds gather to greet pope
dec: hundreds queue to greet pope to greet pope

article: courts in the ghanaian capital were paralysed monday after lawyers followed a strike call to protest at the controversial appointment of a new chief justice , legal sources said .
ref: lawyers follow strike call over new chief justice
dec: ghana courts paralysed after strike call to protest chief justice

article: president kumba yala formally ceded power in his impoverished west african nation on wednesday , three days after senior military officers seized control from the increasingly unpopular elected leader .
ref: guinea-bissau 's ousted president agrees to cede power
dec: president formally ceded power in his west

article: hundreds of visitors filed through a virginia tech greenhouse to get a glimpse _ and a whiff _ of a powerfully malodorous `` corpse flower '' as it bloomed .
ref: hundreds witness blooming of smelly corpse flower
dec: corpse flower aims at virginia tech greenhouse

article: crocodile hunter steve irwin came face to face with his new namesake thursday _ a locomotive that will haul passenger trains through the australian outback on a transcontinental railroad .
ref: new outback locomotive named for television 's crocodile hunter
dec: crocodile hunter seeks to face to face to face with new namesake

article: danish prime minister anders fogh rasmussen said on wednesday that denmark was considering increasing its troops in afghanistan by ### to ### , according to news reports reaching here .
ref: denmark mulls increasing troops in afghanistan
dec: danish pm says considering increasing troops in afghanistan

article: there 's a good reason why the cal state northridge men 's basketball team is n't too discouraged with its first-round loss in the big west conference tournament .
ref: northridge looks toward bright feature
dec: northridge faces first-round loss in west conference

article: french economy grew #.# percent in first three months of #### , driven by household consumption and enterprises investment , the french national statistic office insee announced wednesday .
ref: french economy grows #.# percent in first quarter
dec: french economy grows #.# percent in first three months

article: the dollar closed higher at ###.## yen on the tokyo foreign exchange market on friday , up #.## yen from the previous day 's finish of ###.## yen .
ref: dollar closes higher in tokyo
dec: dollar closes higher in tokyo

article: yugoslav leaders demanded monday the immediate disarming of the ethnic albanian kosovo liberation army -lrb- kla -rrb- and the return to kosovo of yugoslav army and police forces .
ref: yugoslav leaders call for disarming kla
dec: yugoslav leaders demand immediate disarming of kla

article: the central taiwan-based acme physical dance theater will celebrate its ##th founding anniversary by performing the premiere of its new show `` pet '' in taichung this week .
ref: taichung dance troupe 's new show pet to premiere oct. ##
dec: central taiwan-based dance theater to celebrate ##th founding anniversary

article: eight central european countries have agreed to forge a joint strategy on how to handle natural gas supplies from russia , the hungarian mti news agency reported saturday .
ref: central european states to forge policy on russian gas supplies
dec: eight central european countries agree to forge joint strategy on gas supplies

article: a total of ## people died and one survived with injuries when a truck went over a ###-metre -lrb- #,### foot -rrb- precipice late saturday , police said .
ref: ## die when truck goes over cliff
dec: ## die in truck accident in brazil

article: the bosnian serb government urged thursday bosnia 's prime minister adnan terzic to reconsider his decision to sack foreign minister mladen ivanic , labeling the decision as illegal .
ref: bosnian serbs urge country 's premier to reconsider sacking of foreign minister
dec: bosnian serb government urges bosnia 's prime minister to reconsider decision to sack foreign minister

article: wigan fullback kris <unk> recovered from a serious illness to help the warriors beat st. helens ##-## in the rugby league challenge cup final at murrayfield on saturday .
ref: wigan beats st. helens ##-## in challenge cup final upset
dec: <unk> helps warriors past st. helens

article: a car bomb exploded friday , wounding three us soldiers when a us military convoy was passing through the southern highway of baghdad , a military spokesman said .
ref: three us soldiers injured in car bomb in southern baghdad
dec: car bomb wounds three us soldiers in baghdad

article: en vogue marked their ##th anniversary as one of music 's most successful female groups with a reunion show that electrified the crowd at the essence music festival .
ref: en vogue marks ## years with essence fest concert
dec: en vogue celebrates ##th anniversary

article: leaders of the ruling coalition parties in latvia agreed tuesday to nominate president vaira vike - freiberga as the only candidate for the country 's upcoming presidential election .
ref: latvian president named as sole presidential candidate
dec: latvia coalition parties agree to nominate president

article: english county side worcestershire are keen to sign south african pace bowler allan donald if he rejects the chance to stay with warwickshire in a coaching role .
ref: donald tickles worcester 's fancy
dec: worcestershire keen to sign donald

article: northern heavy artillery gunners shelled the southern stronghold of aden on friday , a day after the collapse of the latest ceasefire in yemen 's civil war .
ref: shells rain on aden
dec: northern artillery gunners shell southern stronghold of aden

article: taiwan semiconductor manufacturing co. , the world 's largest contract chipmaker , said tuesday its monthly revenues hit a record high in august because of surging shipments .
ref: taiwan chip giant tsmc posts record monthly revenue
dec: taiwan semiconductor revenues hit record in august

article: finance secretary roberto de ocampo joined the government 's new war against drugs thursday , instructing revenue agencies to help authorities build cases against suspected drug dealers .
ref: finance department joins war against drugs
dec: finance secretary joins new war against drugs

article: as consumer advocates decried monday 's changes to media ownership rules as a blow to democracy , analysts and investment bankers greeted the changes with a shrug .
ref: big strong media companies have chance to become bigger and
dec: consumer advocates decry changes to media ownership rules

article: the israel army kept close on tuesday the central gaza strip military roadblock of abu holi with cement blocks , dividing the strip into two separated areas .
ref: israeli army keeps central gaza checkpoint closed
dec: israel army keeps close on central gaza roadblock

article: a sudanese presidential adviser on monday called for an emergency arab summit to resume discussions on the stalled middle east peace process and solving the israeli-palestinian conflict .
ref: sudanese envoy calls for emergency arab summit to resume stalled mideast peace process
dec: sudanese presidential adviser calls for emergency arab summit

article: malaysia 's industrial production index -lrb- ipi -rrb- rose ##.# percent to ###.# points in may compared with ###.# points in may #### , official statistics showed .
ref: malaysia 's industrial production index up in may
dec: malaysia 's industrial production index up ##.# percent in may

article: italian rider nicola minali claimed his first world cup victory in the paris-tours race on sunday while johan museeuw took the overall title for the season .
ref: minali wins paris-tours museeuw takes world cup
dec: minali wins world cup victory in paris-tours race

article: bausch &amp; lomb inc. said tuesday that it would cut costs by $ ## million over a three-year period because of a disappointing outlook for earnings .
ref: bausch &amp; lomb announces cost-cutting plans
dec: bausch &amp; lomb to cut $ ## million due to earnings

article: congo ally zimbabwe began pulling troops from this <unk> center friday as part of a complete withdrawal of its forces from the war-ravaged central african nation .
ref: congo 's ally zimbabwe withdraws troops from <unk> southeastern city
dec: congo ally pulling troops from congo

article: retail sales in germany fell in november , underlining the ongoing fragility of consumer sentiment in the eurozone 's biggest economy , data showed on thursday .
ref: german retail sales down in november
dec: germany retail sales fall in november

article: the united states on tuesday warned americans against traveling to the tribal areas in the northwest frontier province of pakistan because of threats to their lives .
ref: u.s. warns americans against travelling to northwest
dec: u.s. warns americans against traveling to tribal areas in pakistan

article: rival gangs clashed across the main border crossing between benin and nigeria , killing several people and setting fire to cars , an afp reporter saw .
ref: at least two dead as gangs clash on <unk> border
dec: rival gangs clash in border crossing with nigeria

article: visiting iraqi prime minister iyad allawi met tuesday with saudi crown prince abdullah bin abdul-aziz over security and bilateral relations , the saudi press agency reported .
ref: iraqi pm meets saudi crown prince over security bilateral ties
dec: iraqi prime minister meets saudi crown prince

article: senior russian officials suggested their country would tap the eurobond markets for further large amounts this year , to help finance the country 's budget deficit .
ref: russia hints at more eurobonds to help cover $ #.#-bln needs
dec: russian officials propose eurobond markets

article: the frankfurt stock market suffered a substantial loss on thursday , which traders blamed on a weak dollar and the german bond market 's morning decline .
ref: frankfurt stocks down #.## percent on day
dec: frankfurt stock market suffers substantial loss

article: the self-styled turkish cypriot government decided monday to participate in the second round of u.n.-sponsored talks between the greek and turkish sectors of the divided island .
ref: self-styled turkish cypriot government decides to attend talks
dec: turkish cypriot government decides to participate in talks with turkish sectors

article: gun control opponents released a draft government report wednesday that they say demonstrates more restrictions on the manufacture of `` cop-killer '' bullets are not needed .
ref: report shows new laws on cop-killer bullets not needed foes say
dec: gun control opponents release draft government report on cop-killer bullets

article: authorities trying to communicate with the washington-area sniper issued a second cryptic statement monday , saying they had received a message and were preparing a response .
ref: sniper investigators say they have received message and are preparing response
dec: authorities seek response to sniper

article: peter baird , the son of legendary puppeteers bil and cora baird and himself a master puppeteer trained from the age of # , has died .
ref: master puppeteer peter baird ## dies
dec: peter baird son of puppeteers bil and cora dies at ##

article: england have yet to finalize their spin options for their forthcoming test series in india despite naming a ##-man squad for the three-match series here friday .
ref: england mull over spin options for india
dec: england yet to finalize spin options for india test series

article: a trial is unfolding far from the spotlight in this east african town , but its outcome may one day ring out around the world .
ref: trial centers on role of press during rwanda massacre
dec: trial unfolding from spotlight in east african town

article: chongqing municipality in southwest china recently installed ## condom dispensing machines on the streets as part of a citywide promotion of safe and healthy sex .
ref: china 's large cities install condom vending machines
dec: chongqing develops ## condom dispensing machines

article: australian steven leaney held off a late challenge from northern ireland 's darren clarke to win the dutch open golf by a single stroke sunday .
ref: leaney dutch open champion
dec: leaney wins dutch open golf

article: china and india signed nine documents on cooperation in economy , law and justice , science and technology , and culture , monday morning .
ref: china india sign nine documents in beijing
dec: china india sign nine documents on cooperation

article: underdogs greece stunned hosts portugal in the european championship on saturday when they recorded the greatest win in their history by beating portugal #-# .
ref: greece beat portugal #-# in euro #### opener
dec: greece stuns portugal in european championship

article: olympic champion hurdler mark <unk> has dropped out of the canadian team for the commonwealth games in august -- to become an austrian citizen .
ref: canada loses olympic champion hurdler
dec: <unk> drops out of canadian team for commonwealth games

article: indonesian president megawati sukarnoputri on friday described home-grown terrorists as a `` horrible threat '' and called on authorities to root out their networks .
ref: indonesia 's megawati says home-grown terrorists horrible threat
dec: megawati says home-grown terrorists horrible threat

article: a group of ## experts from the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- met monday to discuss ways of managing ageing nuclear plants .
ref: nuclear experts meet to discuss ageing reactors
dec: iaea experts meet to discuss ways of managing ageing nuclear plants

article: chilean ex-dictator augusto pinochet suffered a stroke tuesday and was rushed to the military hospital of santiago for treatment , hospital sources said .
ref: pinochet suffers stroke in hospital
dec: pinochet has stroke in santiago

article: the war crimes trial of former yugoslav president slobodan milosevic resumed monday after a three-week interruption that further set back the courtroom schedule .
ref: milosevic trial resumes after a three-week break
dec: milosevic war crimes trial resumes

article: so , roger maris ' home run record stands for a ##th season , three seasons longer than babe ruth held the record .
ref: duel between griffey and mcgwire makes season memorable
dec: maris has record stands

article: britain said monday it was `` totally unacceptable '' for israeli forces to fire at the church of the nativity in bethlehem .
ref: israeli firing at bethlehem church unacceptable britain says
dec: britain totally unacceptable for israeli forces to fire in bethlehem

article: mexico 's most recent embarrassing row with cuba has embittered president vicente fox 's already faltering relationship with a defiantly independent congress .
ref: latest cuba scandal threatens to widen breach between mexican
dec: mexico president touts relationship with cuba

article: jamie <unk> from the united states won the women 's ##m rifle # positions event at the world cup here on friday .
ref: jamie <unk> keeps her team mates guessing
dec: <unk> wins women 's ##m rifle # positions at world cup

article: shanghai shenhua expressed disappointment friday that chinese international du wei was heading home after playing just ## minutes for scottish giants celtic .
ref: shanghai regret du 's celtic demise
dec: shanghai shenhua unsatisfied with chinese du wei

article: five people have been found with eye problems in albania after observing the solar eclipse , the albanian telegraphic agency reported saturday .
ref: five patients found in albania due to eclipse
dec: five found with eye problems in albania after solar eclipse

article: syria still is allowing militants to cross its border into iraq and kill u.s. soldiers , the u.s. government charged on tuesday .
ref: u.s. administration accuses syrians of permitting militants to infiltrate iraq ; damascus denies charge
dec: u.s. says syria still allowing militants to cross border into iraq

article: south africa beat the new zealand all blacks ##-# in a tri nations rugby union match at athletic park on saturday .
ref: south africa ## new zealand #
dec: south africa beat all blacks ##-# in tri rugby match

article: sudan 's army spokesman said tuesday that government forces repulsed an attack by southern rebels on the border with neighboring eritrea .
ref: army says it repulsed rebel attack on border with eritrea
dec: sudan army spokesman says government forces repulsed attack on border with eritrea

article: the colombian olympic committee has announced that colombia is withdrawing as host of the south american games because of security problems .
ref: violence in colombia forces south american games to look for other
dec: colombian olympic committee announces withdrawing as host of south american games

article: the ball was a pinata , just hanging there for venus williams to <unk> with one wicked swing of her racquet .
ref: venus takes a back seat
dec: venus williams thrives with the ball

article: the meeting held between palestinian prime minister mahmoud abbas and ## palestinian factions ended on tuesday without reaching a truce agreement .
ref: palestinian dialogue ends without ceasefire deal
dec: abbas palestinian factions end truce talks

article: french president jacque chirac affirmed thursday that the military planning bill on defense spending for the ####-#### period will be respected .
ref: french president reassures military about spending
dec: chirac reaffirms military planning bill on defense spending

article: thai airways international and air new zealand will begin reciprocal code-share flights from july # , the airlines said tuesday .
ref: thai airways air new zealand agree on code-share pact
dec: thai air new zealand to begin reciprocal code-share flights

article: a ceremony was held here today to celebrate the ##th birthday of chen <unk> , an established economist of china .
ref: established economist honored in beijing
dec: ceremony celebrates ##th birthday of china economist

article: pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi alleged monday that a burmese government minister had encouraged junta supporters to murder her .
ref: suu kyi alleges minister called for her death
dec: aung san suu kyi accuses burmese minister of murder

article: jane swift stood before the cameras tuesday , voice quavering , and gave up on the myth of having everything .
ref: many women not surprised at swift 's decision
dec: swift speaks on cameras

article: bosnian muslims launched a fierce offensive on <unk> in south of sarajevo this morning , bosnian serb radio said .
ref: muslim shells serb positions around sarajevo
dec: bosnian muslims launch offensive on <unk> in sarajevo

article: un secretary general kofi annan will recommend spending iraq weapons inspection funds for development , his spokeswoman said tuesday .
ref: un 's annan to use iraq arms monitor funds for development
dec: annan to recommend spending iraq weapons inspection funds

article: new york knicks guard john starks was named the winner of the ####-## national basketball association sixth man award .
ref: new york knicks guard john starks wins nba sixth man award
dec: starks named winner of national basketball award

article: an israeli airstrike late monday completely destroyed an empty house in the jebaliya refugee camp , witnesses said .
ref: israeli airstrike hits building in gaza strip
dec: israeli airstrike destroys empty house in refugee camp

article: u.s. open tennis champion andy roddick withdrew from the thailand open on monday , citing a hamstring injury .
ref: roddick withdraws from thailand open
dec: roddick withdraws from thailand open

article: turkey today demanded that the bosnian serbs unconditionally free two turkish journalists they detained ## days ago .
ref: turkey urges serbs to release its journalists
dec: turkey demands bosnian serbs free turkish journalists

article: prime minister tony blair returned to work at his downing street office friday following a caribbean vacation .
ref: british prime minister tony blair returns to work after caribbean vacation
dec: blair returns to work after caribbean vacation

article: the leading merval index of the buenos aires stock exchange went down by #.## percent to ### .
ref: argentine stock index down
dec: buenos aires stock exchange index down

article: hong kong stocks fell ##.## points , or #.## percent , to open at ##,###.## points tuesday .
ref: hong kong stocks open lower
dec: hong kong stocks open lower

article: britain is to give ### more surplus tanks to jordan , the ministry of defense said thursday .
ref: britain giving additional challenger tanks to jordan
dec: britain to give ### more surplus tanks to jordan

article: kuwait stock exchange index closed at #,###.# sunday , up #.# points from saturday 's finish .
ref: kuwait stock exchange index up
dec: kuwait stock exchange index up

article: the beijing <unk> medical information service was recently launched to provide patients with medical advice electronically .
ref: beijing doctors offer advice electronically
dec: beijing launched to provide patients with medical advice

article: libyan authorities have killed a militant dissident leader in detention , the newspaper al-hayat reported friday .
ref: libyan dissident leader reportedly killed in detention
dec: libyan authorities kill militant dissident leader

article: swedish police said tuesday they arrested the man suspected of killing foreign minister anna lindh .
ref: swedish police arrest suspect sought in murder of foreign minister anna lindh
dec: swedish police arrest man suspected of killing foreign minister

article: today 's xinhua a stock index dropped by #.## points to close at ##.## .
ref: xinhua stock index down
dec: xinhua stock index down

article: bundesliga champions bayern munich bagged a #-# home win over arminia bielefeld on sunday .
ref: bayern beat bielefeld #-#
dec: bayern munich beats arminia bielefeld #-# in bundesliga

article: i wanted to know if i was alone in my boycott of baseball .
ref: boy oh boy the boycott thrives
dec: the baseball boycott

article: voters across america , from the small states of new england in the east to the broad sweep of california in the west , went to the polls tuesday in `` super tuesday '' primaries that looked set to crown vice president al gore and george w. bush as the two contenders for the white house in november .
ref: super tuesday primaries set to crown gore and bush
dec: voters vote in super tuesday primaries

article: in supporting its arrest of the leader of an islamic charity this week , the justice department has made public new information tying a wealthy saudi businessman , who is osama bin laden 's brother-in-law , to several people convicted in the bombing of the world trade center in #### or in unsuccessful plots to bring down airliners and assassinate the pope .
ref: bin laden relative linked to '## trade center bombers affidavit
dec: u.s. offers new information tying saudi businessman to bombing

article: as federal mediators intensified efforts thursday to stave off a strike friday night at verizon communications inc. , the phone giant and its unions are wrangling over issues roiling much of corporate america , particularly the soaring cost of health insurance and how to balance job security with the company 's need to respond to a tough economy and fierce competition .
ref: telecom upheaval at root of labor strife at verizon
dec: verizon unions wrangling over strike

article: public health advocates _ the doctors , tobacco control specialists and health organizations <unk> been the foot soldiers in the decades-old war on smoking _ are distancing themselves from the ongoing settlement talks with tobacco companies , saying the deal centers too much on money and politics and not enough on the nation 's health .
ref: health care advocates cool to tobacco settlement
dec: public health advocates distancing themselves from settlement talks with tobacco companies

article: nippon telegraph and telephone corp. -lrb- ntt -rrb- announced thursday a capital expansion of ##.# billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- for its nine personal mobile phone affiliates with britain 's cable and wireless plc along with itochu corp. and marubeni corp. investing a combined five billion yen .
ref: cable and wireless invest in ntt phone affiliates
dec: ntt announces expansion for mobile phone affiliates

article: the fbi arrested a disgruntled former employee of global crossing on wednesday and charged him with using the internet to post threats to injure or kill company executives and to display personal information , including the social security numbers , of nearly #,### of the company 's employees .
ref: fbi seizes irate ex-employee of global accused of making threats
dec: fbi arrests former employee of global crossing

article: hurricane isabel knocked out power to more than #.# million people as it weakened into a tropical storm and raced up the u.s. east coast early friday , swamping tidal communities along chesapeake bay , uprooting trees , disrupting air traffic and shutting down the nation 's capital .
ref: isabel pounds u.s. east coast blamed for at least ## deaths
dec: hurricane isabel races up u.s. east coast

article: a kuwaiti court sentenced a filipino man to life in prison tuesday for murdering a canadian national , while the dead man 's widow , also from the philippines , was acquitted of conspiracy to murder but imprisoned for three years for giving false testimony .
ref: filipino sentenced to life in prison for murdering canadian man
dec: kuwaiti court sentences man to life in prison for murdering canadian widow

article: the first event of italy 's six-month presidency of the european union will be an e-government conference on the shores of lake como on july # and # , italian technology and innovation minister lucio <unk> announced in the city of <unk> on wednesday .
ref: italy 's eu presidency to kick off with e-government conference
dec: eu presidency to be e-government conference on lake como

article: a british vicar has created his own version of the rocky horror picture show to lure the faithful back into the fold -- a new twice-monthly church service for the <unk> in his parish , complete with rock music and compulsory black garments .
ref: british vicar offers rocky horror service for <unk>
dec: british vicar creates version of rocky horror picture

article: a french tanker damaged by an explosion was towed into a northeastern yemen port friday , as investigators said metal and plastic pieces found on the deck that suggested the ship was rammed by a smaller craft pointed to a terrorist attack .
ref: french u.s. investigators see terrorism behind tanker blast vessel retrieved into yemeni port
dec: french tanker towed into northeastern yemen port

article: with u.s. troops in or bound for yemen , the philippines and the former soviet republic of georgia , the second phase of president bush 's global war on terror is moving forward , largely unrestrained by public inquiry or congressional review .
ref: as new phase of anti-terror war begins so do the questions
dec: philippines moving forward with u.s. troops on terror

article: an fbi analyst who studied terror threats is the latest victim of the washington-area sniper , and investigators said tuesday they were confident that detailed witness accounts from the scene will lead them to the person who has now killed nine people .
ref: sniper kills fbi agent in virginia suburb
dec: fbi analyst confident of sniper threats

article: it wo n't be lawless montana , where only a stiff head wind can keep motorists from hitting ### mph , but drivers on virtually all bay area freeways will be able to drive faster starting sunday without fear of a ticket .
ref: higher speed limit in effect sunday
dec: montana drivers to drive faster without fear of ticket

article: president olusegun obasanjo of nigeria received a hero 's welcome in liberia on monday , walking shoulder-to-shoulder with the country 's new leader through cheering crowds celebrating a peace deal wrought in large part thanks to west africa 's military giant .
ref: liberia welcomes west africa 's military giant as savior
dec: nigeria receives hero 's welcome in liberia

article: former yugoslav president vojislav kostunica , who won the most votes at two failed presidential elections in serbia last year , will not run again in an upcoming vote in november , a top aide said in comments published friday .
ref: kostunica will not run for presidency top aide says
dec: former yugoslav president will not run again in vote

article: the untimely death of diana , princess of wales , lifts her to the status of other icons such as john f. kennedy , marilyn monroe and james dean whose immortality was assured by the tragic circumstances of their deaths .
ref: diana now joins marilyn elvis grace james and jfk
dec: princess lifts to status of diana

article: lawmakers said thursday they have no plans to overhaul laws governing white house reimbursement for campaign travel despite election-year criticism of hillary rodham clinton 's modest payments for using air force planes in connection with her campaign for the senate .
ref: congress challenges first lady 's travel but plans no changes
dec: lawmakers no plans to overhaul white house reimbursement laws

article: the arab parliamentary union has denounced the u.s. congress resolution to move the u.s. embassy to occupied jerusalem , describing it as `` constituting an obstacle on the peace process road and mounting the factors of tension in the region .
ref: arab parliamentary union denounces relocation of us embassy in israel
dec: arab parliamentary union denounces u.s. congress resolution to move u.s. embassy to jerusalem

article: former director of the american institute in taiwan -lrb- ait -rrb- douglas h. paal said wednesday that president ma ying-jeou had transformed one of the asia-pacific hot spots -- the taiwan strait -- during his first two years in office .
ref: former ait taipei head lauds ma 's two years in office
dec: ait president says president transformed asia-pacific hot spots

article: colombo , october ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- a regional seminar on expanding business among the member countries of the south asian association for regional cooperation -lrb- saarc -rrb- will be held here next week , official sources said today .
ref: saarc seminar on business to be held in colombo
dec: regional seminar on expanding business among saarc to be held next week

article: holcim of switzerland , the world 's second-biggest cement maker , posted a ## percent rise in net profit last year to #.# billion swiss francs -lrb- about #.## billion u. s. dollars -rrb- , the company said on wednesday .
ref: swiss cement maker holcim posts record result in ####
dec: holcim reports ## percent rise in net profit

article: hezbollah has urged arab and islamic nations to act against an israeli construction work near an islamic holy site in jerusalem , which hezbollah described as a '' blatant aggression , '' local naharnet news website reported on thursday .
ref: hezbollah slams israel for construction work near jerusalem mosque
dec: hezbollah urges arab islamic nations to act against israeli construction work in jerusalem

article: a review of troops and a grand parade will be held in beijing on october # to mark the ##th anniversary of the founding of the people 's republic of china -lrb- prc -rrb- , officials said here today .
ref: china to mark ##th anniversary with <unk> parade
dec: review of troops to be held in beijing for anniversary of prc

article: dr. jeffrey p. koplan , the departing director of the centers for disease control and prevention , defended again on monday his agency 's handling of the anthrax attack and the way the investigation was communicated to the public .
ref: director defends cdc 's handling of anthrax attacks
dec: departing director defends again on anthrax attack

article: the crime rate in new york state is falling while the rest of the country remains more or less unchanged , local media reported , citing statistics released by federal bureau of investigation -lrb- fbi -rrb- on monday .
ref: fbi report shows crimes down in new york
dec: new crime rate falling in new york state

article: tianjin municipality 's exports and imports reached #.## billion u.s. dollars in the first seven months of this year , representing a year-on-year increase of ##.# percent , according to statistics released by the general administration of customs .
ref: tianjin 's foreign trade up in first seven months
dec: tianjin 's exports imports up ##.# percent in first seven months

article: a ##-year old swedish officer shot dead five women and two men and wounded another woman after firing at random in a wood where a party was underway at a restaurant near his barracks , police said saturday .
ref: army officer kills seven wounds one in random shooting
dec: swedish officer kills five women in wood

article: west african peacekeepers hoped to make their first major push into liberia 's unsecured interior tuesday , planning to at last deploy troops delayed for days into a region where fighting scares have sent thousands of civilians fleeing .
ref: peacekeepers hope to make first major push into liberia 's strife-torn interior after days of delay
dec: west african peacekeepers hope to make first push into liberia

article: john hinckley jr. , who shot president ronald reagan ## years ago , will have a chance this fall to persuade a federal judge to allow him to visit his parents without being accompanied by psychiatric hospital staff .
ref: man who shot ronald reagan seeks unsupervised visits with parents
dec: hinckley to have chance to persuade judge to visit parents

article: the leader of the french greens , dominique voynet , tuesday warned the government of prime minister lionel jospin against a `` nuclear explosion '' of the leftwing majority if he insists on implementing his nuclear policy .
ref: french greens leader warns against breakup of left majority
dec: french greens chief warns jospin against nuclear explosion

article: a hunk of space debris hurtling toward earth at ##,### miles an hour is expected to come startlingly close to earth in the year #### , astronomers at los alamos national laboratory in new mexico said wednesday .
ref: asteroid may come <unk> close to earth in ####
dec: hunk of space debris expected to come startlingly close to earth

article: iraq 's long-awaited return to the opec fold may dominate headlines when the cartel meets this week , but it probably wo n't have much impact on the organization 's output policy for the next few months .
ref: as iraq struggles to restore oil exports opec seen likely to keep crude output steady
dec: iraq return to opec may dominate headlines

article: zimbabwe 's foreign currency inflows for #### rose sharply to #.# billion u.s. dollars , registering a significant and steady increase in earnings from a paltry ### million dollars in #### , local media reported on tuesday .
ref: zimbabwe sees rise in foreign currency inflows
dec: zimbabwe 's foreign currency inflows rise

article: japan 's fujitsu ltd. plans to invest ## billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in the coming year on expanding production of thin-film transistor liquid crystal display -lrb- lcd -rrb- panels , a spokesman said monday .
ref: fujitsu to invest ### million dollars on lcd production
dec: fujitsu plans to invest ## billion yen in lcd panels

article: u.s. researchers say they have found protein markers in a blood test that can be used to eliminate unneeded biopsies by sharpening the diagnosis of prostate cancer , the second deadliest form of cancer among american men .
ref: researchers find protein pattern to increase accuracy of prostate cancer detection
dec: u.s. researchers find protein markers in blood test

article: in a punishing ##-round duel , felix trinidad pounded david reid to score a unanimous decision and take away reid 's world boxing association superwelterweight championship at an outdoor arena here at caesars palace friday night .
ref: trinidad wins unanimous decision over reid
dec: trinidad wins world boxing association superwelterweight championship

article: the senate opened debate on monday on a comprehensive overhaul of the campaign finance law in a drive to give the bill final approval and send it to president bush by the end of the week .
ref: campaign bill 's chief foe hints of short debate
dec: senate opens debate on campaign finance law

article: thailand 's ministry of commerce has raised two percentage points of this year 's export growth to ## percent on the back of good trade performance in may , the business day website reported on monday .
ref: thailand raises annual export growth goal
dec: thailand raises export growth to ## percent

article: iranian former president akbar hashemi rafsanjani on friday called us president george w. bush the `` real criminal '' in the court case against former iraqi president saddam hussein , the official irna news agency reported .
ref: rafsanjani labels bush as real criminal in saddam 's case
dec: rafsanjani calls bush real criminal in saddam case

article: fire and flood purify the earth and give hope for humanity in the final moments of richard wagner 's `` ring '' cycle , but the new production that just premiered here may prove beyond redemption .
ref: new production of wagner 's ring ends on <unk> note
dec: new production aims for wagner ring

article: the election of a new palestinian parliament is likely to herald the end of ahmed qorei 's tenure as prime minister , with a raft of contenders waiting in the wings to step into his post .
ref: main players in palestinian poll
dec: new palestinian parliament likely to herald election

article: toyo tire &amp; rubber co. will be added to the benchmark nikkei ### stock average , replacing mitsui <unk> chemicals inc. , said the japanese publisher nihon keizai shimbun inc. , which compiles the index .
ref: toyo tire to replace mitsui <unk> in nikkei ### stock average
dec: toyo tire &amp; rubber to be added to nikkei

article: a bulgarian passenger plane with ### people on board was forced to make an emergency landing on monday after safety systems signaled a malfunction in one of its engines , the bta news agency reported .
ref: bulgarian passenger plane makes emergency landing
dec: bulgarian passenger plane forced to make emergency landing

article: the china association for development and helping poor areas is planning to launch a lottery and set up its own bank within five years to help backward chinese provinces develop , it was reported saturday .
ref: chinese charity group to launch lottery set up own bank
dec: china plans to launch lottery to help backward chinese provinces

article: chinese botanists have succeeded in their massive transplantation of alpine plants at the china '## kunming international horticulture exposition , which is scheduled to open on may # and last till the end of october .
ref: china succeeds in massive transplantation of alpine plants
dec: chinese botanists in transplantation of alpine plants at horticulture exposition

article: ten trucks carrying ### tons of food and medicine arrived in the blockaded gaza strip sunday in a <unk> relief effort cosponsored by the wives of plo chief yasser arafat and the late yitzhak rabin .
ref: french relief convoy arrives in gaza
dec: ten food trucks arrive in gaza

article: kenyan opposition member of parliament linus <unk> polo has been charged in court for sedition after he allegedly called president daniel arap moi 's government `` satanic '' , press reports said here friday .
ref: kenyan opposition mp on sedition charge
dec: kenyan opposition member charged in court for sedition

article: a referendum on latvia 's membership in the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- will be held on sept. ## , according to a bill passed thursday by <unk> , parliament of the baltic state .
ref: latvians to vote in eu referendum in september
dec: latvia referendum on eu membership to be held on sept. ##

article: the chief of u.s. naval operations denounced north korea on monday for a volley of weekend missile tests , as south korea said the launches showed the communist regime has improved its missile accuracy .
ref: us admiral denounces nkorea s missile launches
dec: u.s. naval chief denounces north korea for missile tests

article: paula creamer , who followed up her first lpga victory with high school graduation , returns to the tour friday to test her mettle against the likes of annika sorenstam at the shoprite classic .
ref: creamer sorenstam highlight field for shoprite lpga classic
dec: creamer aims to test mettle vs. sorenstam at shoprite classic

article: shanghai 's rapid economic development is proving a logistical nightmare for its housing authorities , as they seek to appease tens of thousands of residents forced to the suburbs by key construction projects .
ref: shanghai 's economic growth fuels housing crunch
dec: shanghai economic development proving logistical nightmare

article: a senior south african official has said that the development of a strong industrial base in the southern african development community -lrb- sadc -rrb- is vital for the future growth of the region .
ref: s. africa urges more trade with other sadc states
dec: s. african official says development of sadc base vital for future growth

article: prime minister ariel sharon made a frantic last-minute effort wednesday to save his crumbling coalition , trying to resolve a dispute with the labor party over settlement funding ahead of a budget vote .
ref: budget vote postponed for several hours to allow for last-minute deal
dec: sharon seeks to save crumbling coalition

article: at news conferences , on its web site and in its regular publications , the government agency leading the cleanup of the chesapeake bay has documented more than a decade of steady progress .
ref: projections for bay cleanup proved too optimistic
dec: news conferences focus on cleanup of bay

article: russia 's state arms exporter made millions of dollars more in sales for the first half of #### than it did for the same period last year , a news agency reported monday .
ref: revenues from russian arms sales rise in ####
dec: russia 's state arms exporter makes millions more in sales

article: globe telecom <unk> inc. posted a net loss of more than ### million pesos -lrb- $ #.# million -rrb- in the first three months of the year , parent company ayala corp. said .
ref: globe telecom lost more than ### mln pesos in first quarter
dec: globe telecom <unk> posts net loss in first three months

article: turkey 's <unk> , who follow a moderate interpretation of islam , warned tuesday that they would go to the courts to fight for equality if the government fails to expand their rights .
ref: moderate turkish muslim sect gives government ultimatum over rights
dec: turkey warns against equality

article: chrysler corp. began building its newest sport utility vehicle , the dodge durango , with a bullish prediction that rising gas prices wo n't cause industry sales of the popular vehicles to slow .
ref: chrysler says new durango suv fills niche will sell well
dec: chrysler begins building newest sport utility vehicle

article: the cholera epidemic which has been raging in parts of mozambique since december has come under control , principally thanks to the onset of winter in the country , local media reported monday .
ref: cholera outbreak in mozambique under control
dec: cholera epidemic in mozambique

article: india friday handed over eight pakistani prisoners of war -lrb- pows -rrb- to the international committee of red cross and they will be repatriated to pakistan , an external affairs ministry spokesman said .
ref: india hands over pakistani pows to red cross
dec: india hands over pakistani prisoners to pakistan

article: artist and architect albert <unk> , the man whose monumental sculpture the unknown fugitive slave became a symbol of haiti , died thursday at ## of pernicious anemia , a family friend said .
ref: <unk> albert <unk> dies sculpted renowned unknown fugitive slave
dec: artist and architect albert <unk> dies at ##

article: american teenager zac sunderland sailed back into u.s. waters in the middle of the night before the final legs of his bid to become the youngest person to sail around the world alone .
ref: american teen back in us waters in record attempt
dec: american sunderland sails back into u.s. waters

article: saab 's chief executive is threatening to give the cold shoulder to the government in a dispute over new regulations that will prevent an agency from using the swedish automaker 's cars .
ref: saab threatens to break contact with government in rules dispute
dec: saab chief threatening to give cold shoulder to government

article: a friend of the man charged with murdering a british backpacker said thursday that he told her he had done `` something stupid '' on the day following the woman 's death .
ref: friend says accused admitted he had done something stupid on morning after woman 's death
dec: friend says something stupid on man charged with murdering british backpacker

article: germany 's chemical sector , a key pillar of the economy , saw a #.# percent production drop in #### , the chemical industry association -lrb- vci -rrb- said thursday in frankfurt .
ref: german chemical industry output down in ####
dec: germany 's chemical sector sees #.# percent production drop in ####

article: a high-level israeli inquiry into last year 's lebanon war will assess the performance of the country 's leadership in interim findings that could put the squeeze on prime minister ehud olmert .
ref: israel war report will assess leadership
dec: israeli inquiry into lebanon war to assess performance of leadership

article: south korea 's hynix semiconductor , the world 's second largest memory chipmaker , said wednesday it has forged a patent cross-licensing and product supply deal with sandisk of the united states .
ref: <unk> and us firm forge patent cross license deal
dec: hynix buys patent supply deal with sandisk

article: hair and blood samples from a dismembered body were sent for dna testing friday as authorities sought to confirm whether they had found the remains of wall street journal reporter daniel pearl .
ref: samples from body believed to be slain wall street journal reporter
dec: dismembered body sent for dna testing in pearl case

article: more than #,### people fled villages on the slopes of indonesia 's most active volcano as mount merapi ominously spewed out hot poisonous gasses , ash and lava , officials said monday .
ref: thousands evacuated as indonesian volcano rumbles
dec: #,### flee villages on indonesia volcano

article: two men were killed and several others injured in sectarian attacks in belfast friday as british and irish representatives met in dublin for talks on relaunching the peace process in northern ireland .
ref: two killed in belfast violence as anglo-irish talks resume
dec: two killed in sectarian attacks in belfast

article: longtime clients , the federal government and even some of its own foreign affiliates on friday abandoned arthur andersen , a day after the accounting firm was indicted for destroying enron documents .
ref: andersen under attack from all sides fights to survive
dec: u.s. abandoned andersen

article: economists are encouraged by a larger than expected rise in employment in june and say it indicates the australian economy is weathering the impact from the economic slump in asia quite well .
ref: australian june jobs data show economy holding up well
dec: australian economists encouraged to expected rise in employment

article: president fidel ramos on tuesday agreed to exempt more sectors from the expanded value-added tax -lrb- vat -rrb- passed last month in an apparent attempt to ease opposition to the new tax .
ref: ramos agrees to relax new tax in attempt to ease opposition
dec: ramos agrees to exempt more sectors from vat

article: the world market for <unk> video integrated circuits grew ## percent in units and ## percent in revenues in #### , according to a study released on tuesday by in - <unk> .
ref: <unk> video circuit market to grow through ####
dec: world market for <unk> video integrated circuits up ## percent in ####

article: hong kong people may celebrate their most important traditional festival with a recycling drive , as the government saturday encourages citizens to do source separation and waste recycling before chinese new year .
ref: hk holds recycling campaign to celebrate chinese new year
dec: hong kong may celebrate traditional festival

article: turkish club galatasaray have demanded ## million euros in damages from midfielder franck ribery if he does not return following what they claim is an unauthorised move to french side marseille .
ref: <unk> hit back over alleged marseille poaching
dec: galatasaray demands ## million euros for ribery

article: it 's been april fools week for the world 's biggest bank _ mizuho financial holdings _ which opened shop five days ago under the merger of three japanese financial giants .
ref: mizuho world 's biggest bank has rough debut as atms crash
dec: mizuho financial holdings fools week for bank

article: the cordon stretched from the <unk> settlement at the northern edge of the gaza strip to the western wall , the sacred jewish prayer site inside jerusalem 's walled old city .
ref: israelis form human chain in support of gaza settlers
dec: sacred jewish prayer site to gaza strip to western wall

article: the pentagon 's call for a new generation of nuclear arms is setting an ambitious but extremely difficult agenda for the nation 's aging nuclear arms enterprise , experts said sunday .
ref: call for new breed of nuclear arms faces hurdles
dec: pentagon call for new nuclear arms set difficult agenda for nuclear arms

article: the man who posed as a reporter for britain 's sunday mirror to get a credential from world cup organizers is believed to be a ##-year-old american , police said monday .
ref: police search for an american who posed as british reporter for world cup id card
dec: man believed to be ##-year-old american

article: toyota motor corp. said it 's not planning further cuts in production at its plants in thailand , where the fall of the baht has raised the cost of imported parts .
ref: toyota says it 's not planning further thai production cuts
dec: toyota says not planning further cuts in production in thailand

article: nato 's mediterranean fleet on tuesday arrived in south italian port bari to stay a couple of days for a `` technical stopover , '' italy 's ansa news agency reported .
ref: nato 's mediterranean fleet arrives in south italian port city
dec: nato fleet arrives in south italian port to stay couple

article: denny neagle set a career best with his ##th win as the atlanta braves routed the cincinnati reds ##-# saturday and extended their winning streak to four in major league baseball .
ref: braves ## reds #
dec: braves # reds #

article: hyundai corp. of south korea will join in building a ## million ringgit -lrb- dlrs ## million -rrb- steel pipe plant in malaysia , trengganu state 's chief minister said tuesday .
ref: south korean company to invest in dlrs ## million steel plant
dec: hyundai to join steel pipe plant in malaysia

article: ghana 's leading gold producer ashanti goldfields company -lrb- agc -rrb- has reported pre-tax profits up ##.# percent to ###.# million dollars , according to a company statement received in abidjan .
ref: ashanti goldfields reports ##.# percent increase in pre-tax profits
dec: ghana 's ashanti goldfields reports profits up ##.# percent

article: new zealand will play england in the quarterfinals of the international rugby board -lrb- irb -rrb- series saturday afternoon , after wins over kenya , tonga and argentina on friday .
ref: new zealand to play england in irb series quarterfinals
dec: new zealand to play england in quarterfinals of rugby board series

article: the insurance commissioners of five states are suing the vatican , alleging the church was involved in a dlrs ### million-plus insurance fraud scheme run by now-jailed financier martin frankel .
ref: states sue vatican allege insurance fraud scheme involving martin frankel
dec: insurance commissioners sue vatican over frankel fraud

article: an ex-premier and the former communist leader who defeated him joined thursday to urge parliament to draft a blueprint on constitutional reforms _ aimed at stabilizing italy 's political system .
ref: party leaders urge parliament to start reform process in july
dec: ex-premier to urge parliament to draft blueprint on constitutional reforms

article: the organization for economic cooperation and development -lrb- oecd -rrb- has demanded switzerland to increase its development aid from #### , swiss radio international -lrb- sri -rrb- reported on thursday .
ref: oecd demands more swiss development aid
dec: oecd demands switzerland to increase development aid

article: a government-commissioned report on the #### fall of srebrenica blamed dutch army officers on wednesday for handing over bosnian muslim civilians to serb forces despite their fears of widespread killing .
ref: report says dutch leaders un share blame for srebrenica
dec: dutch report blames army officers for handing over bosnian muslim civilians

article: never shy of drawing glaring publicity , american skier bode miller stirred another hornets ' nest friday by accusing cycling legend lance armstrong and baseball slugger barry bonds of doping .
ref: miller accuses armstrong and bonds of doping
dec: miller touts hornets nest

article: the world hurdle , feature race of the third day of the cheltenham festival , proved painful for punters with the shock early fall of <unk> favorite black jack ketchum .
ref: afp world economic news summary
dec: world hurdle dominate cheltenham festival

article: u.s.-based williams international and russia 's yukos oil companies initialed an <unk> deal on thursday that would give the russian conglomerate a major stake in lithuania 's <unk> oil refinery .
ref: u.s. russian companies expected to close deal on lithuanian
dec: williams yukos initial deal to give major stake in lithuania oil refinery

article: european union regulators tuesday cleared a joint venture between a subsidiary of french banking giant credit agricole and commercial bank of greece to create a consumer credit bank in greece .
ref: eu clears credit agricole venture with commercial bank of greece
dec: eu clears joint venture with credit agricole bank to create credit bank in greece

article: members of royal families from ## nations have accepted thailand 's invitation to celebrations marking ## years since revered king bhumibol adulyadej took the throne , the government said wednesday .
ref: twenty-two royals to attend thai king 's ##th anniversary celebrations
dec: royal families accept thailand invitation to celebrations

article: former team principal jean todt visited the recovering felipe massa in the hospital on tuesday , a day after the ferrari driver 's condition improved significantly following a high-speed crash .
ref: todt visits recovering massa
dec: todt visits massa in hospital

article: the u.s. trade representative , robert b. zoellick , told brazilian business leaders wednesday that domestic politics was behind the new u.s. tariffs on steel imports from brazil and elsewhere .
ref: u.s. tells brazilians that domestic politics was behind steel
dec: u.s. trade representative says domestic politics behind new u.s. tariffs on steel imports

article: kjetil <unk> , norway 's matchwinner in their world cup opener against mexico , faces being left on the substitutes ' bench again when they play italy here on thursday .
ref: no promotion for <unk>
dec: norway faces being left on substitutes again

article: kenyan national cross country team coach julius kirwa said eritrea , not ethiopia , could pose the biggest threat at the next month 's world cross country championships in mombasa .
ref: kenya takes eritrea as major threat in cross country championships
dec: kenya coach says eritrea could pose biggest threat at world cross championships

article: china announced the results of a major crackdown on compact disc piracy friday , one day after the united states launched an investigation into chinese violations of intellectual property rights .
ref: china cracks down on cd piracy
dec: china announces crackdown on compact disc piracy

article: grand casinos inc. shares fell as much as ## percent after it said late yesterday that the mille <unk> tribe would n't renew a management contract with the casino company .
ref: grand casinos shares fall on <unk> <unk> tribe casino contract
dec: grand casinos shares fall

article: former philippine leader corazon aquino on thursday warned the political opposition against using unconstitutional means to oust president gloria arroyo , who is fighting off mounting allegations of vote fraud .
ref: former leader aquino warns opposition against illegally ousting arroyo
dec: former philippine leader warns opposition against unconstitutional means to oust arroyo

article: the world 's smallest republic , nauru , got its fifth president in four months thursday when the ## seat parliament elected veteran politican <unk> <unk> to the office .
ref: nauru elects fifth president in three months
dec: nauru elects fifth president

article: president aleksander kwasniewski signed into law monday a bill to consolidate poland 's ## provinces into ## new ones , ending months of bickering over a broad administrative reform .
ref: president supports polish province consolidation
dec: poland president signs bill to consolidate provinces

article: in early #### , gov. george ryan announced a moratorium on executions in illinois , appointing a panel to help revamp a system he called `` fraught with error .
ref: after two years of study illinois panel making list of
dec: gov. announces moratorium on executions in illinois

article: the united states claimed their fourth hopman cup international mixed teams tennis tournament title here friday after defeating the netherlands #-# in the final at perth 's burswood dome .
ref: united states wins fourth hopman cup
dec: u.s. wins hopman cup tournament

article: champ car driver cristiano da matta 's condition has stabilized but he remains in intensive care with a head injury after a collision with a deer at road america .
ref: da matta stable but still in intensive care
dec: da matta remains in intensive care with head injury

article: wall street managed a razor-thin gain thursday as investors sifted through data that pointed to stable interest rates but that also suggested the economy has moderated more than expected .
ref: wall street struggles to minuscule gain after sluggish economic data
dec: wall street rebounds amid data on interest rates

article: china and india kicked off the year of friendship through tourism here wednesday with the presence of visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing and his indian counterpart pranab mukherjee .
ref: china india kick off year of friendship through tourism
dec: china india kick off friendship through tourism

article: cuba produced this year ### million cigars for export , a ## percent increase over #### , the national union of tobacco enterprises -lrb- <unk> -rrb- announced on thursday .
ref: cuba 's cigar output up ## percent in ####
dec: cuba produces ### million cigars for export

article: eight bangladeshi nationals were ordered deported thursday by philippine immigration commissioner andrea domingo after they were arrested when trying to leave for canada by use of fake travel documents .
ref: manila to deport # suspected bangladeshi terrorists
dec: eight bangladeshi nationals ordered deported from philippine immigration commissioner

article: the first ladies of the dominican republic and haiti on friday inaugurated the first joint effort to eradicate polio by the two nations that share the island of hispaniola .
ref: haitian and dominican first ladies inaugurate island-wide polio
dec: dominican haiti presidents launch joint effort to eradicate polio

article: amid all the fighting over confederate flags and christianity , none of the presidential candidates have tried very hard to connect with an important constituency : older americans .
ref: a ready constituency awaiting recognition
dec: older americans seek to connect with older americans

article: when walt disney co. opens its new internet web site for children next week , it hopes to accomplish what few others have managed : charging a fee .
ref: disney will charge fee for children 's web site
dec: disney touts internet web site

article: america of colombia were demolished #-# by argentina 's boca juniors on thursday in the south american libertadores cup semifinal , second leg played in cali , colombia .
ref: boca juniors trounce america #-# in libertadores cup
dec: america of colombia demolished in libertadores cup

article: u.s. secretary of state colin powell is waiting for a statement from yasser arafat denouncing a suicide bombing in jerusalem before deciding whether to see the palestinian leader .
ref: powell 's meeting with arafat on hold after suicide bombing in jerusalem market
dec: powell waiting for arafat statement

article: indonesia 's consumer prices in january rose #.## percent from the previous month , giving a year-on-year inflation rate of #.## percent , information minister harmoko said wednesday .
ref: indonesia 's january inflation rate at #.## percent
dec: indonesia 's consumer prices rise #.## percent in january

article: bird songs can prompt one of two reactions from <unk> humans : boredom , since we tend to hear birds as a kind of background , wallpaper noise .
ref: tuning in to bird songs
dec: bird songs to prompt reactions from <unk> humans

article: teenager matt duchene suffered the one punishment every adolescent dreads thursday , when avalanche coach joe sacco grounded his ##-year-old center during a lackluster #-# loss to vancouver .
ref: colorado avalanche coach benches ##-year-old center
dec: avalanche coach suffers one punishment

article: thursday night against the oilers , the nhl 's hottest team , the los angeles kings decided to go with a more veteran lineup in their #-# tie .
ref: murray goes with veterans
dec: kings to go with more veteran lineup

article: algeria is negotiating to increase the price of its gas exports to spain to reflect higher prices in international markets , algerian energy minister chakib khelil said monday .
ref: algeria presses spain for higher gas revenues
dec: algeria negotiating to increase price of gas exports to spain

article: former german foreign minister joschka fischer said tuesday that iran would benefit by complying with a u.n. security council resolution calling on the country to suspend uranium enrichment .
ref: former german foreign minister calls on iran to suspend uranium enrichment
dec: former german foreign minister says iran to benefit from uranium enrichment

article: martin crowe 's magnificent innings for new zealand was cut short at lord 's on friday as england fought back on the second day of the second test .
ref: england bring down crowe
dec: crowe cut short at lord 's

article: erin brockovich , legal assistant extraordinaire , has an uncanny way of digging up information that would elude the most experienced lawyers and the best private detectives .
ref: brockovich not deep but it 's totally julia
dec: brockovich focuses on information

article: <unk> <unk> 's film , `` <unk> the fast runner , '' based on an age-old arctic folk tale , has made him a celebrity of sorts .
ref: returning tundra 's rhythm to the intuit in film
dec: <unk> 's film makes celebrity of sorts

article: it was just a repetition of u.s. policy , but president bill clinton 's comments about taiwan during his tour of china landed hard on this island .
ref: taiwanese officials sensitive to clinton summit ; public more
dec: clinton comments on taiwan

article: new york yankees outfielder ruben rivera will be lost for the next eight to ## weeks after he undergoes exploratory arthroscopic surgery on his ailing right shoulder .
ref: surgery for yankees outfielder rivera
dec: yankees rivera to be lost to ## weeks

article: viacom inc. said tuesday its second-quarter profit tumbled ## percent as revenue fell amid a weak advertising market , slower video game sales and lower box-office results .
ref: viacom s #q profit falls ## percent as sales slide
dec: viacom #nd-quarter profit tumbles ## percent

article: a gunman went on the rampage in the center of this germany city on friday , injuring four people , three of them seriously , police said .
ref: gunman on rampage in frankfurt city center injures four
dec: gunman kills four in germany

article: an earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale jolted taiwan sunday , the national seismology center said , but there were no reports of casualties or damage .
ref: moderate quake jolts taiwan
dec: strong earthquake hits taiwan

article: turkish and russian officials are expected to meet again in ankara on tuesday after failing to narrow gap over price of the blue stream natural gas project .
ref: turkey russia expected to negotiate again on gas price
dec: turkish russian officials expected to meet again in ankara

article: captains of british industry on friday urged the conservative government to adopt a more positive stance towards europe , calling on politicians to avoid `` <unk> '' .
ref: british business chiefs attack <unk>
dec: british industry urges conservative government to adopt more positive stance on europe

article: france on monday became one of three countries to break contact with the bosnian ambassador , following a recommendation from the top international civilian in bosnia .
ref: france breaks contact with bosnian ambassador
dec: france to break contact with bosnian ambassador

article: pepsico said it received an arbitration award of more than $ ## million against its former venezuelan bottler , which defected to coca-cola co. last year .
ref: pepsico says venezuela awards it $ ## mln in coca-cola dispute
dec: pepsico receives arbitration award against former venezuelan bottler

article: overnight leader yoshinori kaneko fired a #-under-par ## sunday and won the ### million yen -lrb- dlrs ###,### -rrb- mizuno open golf tournament by four strokes .
ref: kaneko clinches season 's third victory in mizuno open
dec: kaneko wins mizuno open golf tournament

article: the accumulated deficit of the arab league which celebrates its ##th anniversary this year has risen to ### million dollars , a league report said monday .
ref: arab league deficit rises to ### million dollars
dec: arab league deficit rises to ### million dollars

article: an air senegal aircraft crashed on saturday at tambacounda airport , in southeastern senegal , killing ## people and injuring about ## , radio senegal reported .
ref: senegal airliner crashes ## dead
dec: air senegal aircraft crashes in southeastern senegal

article: <unk> yamamoto shot his second straight #-under-par ## friday and took a one-stroke lead midway through the ### million yen -lrb- dlrs ###,### -rrb- pga philanthropy .
ref: yamamoto surges ahead in pga philanthropy
dec: yamamoto takes lead in pga philanthropy

article: a top palestinian leader arrived in moscow on wednesday , a day after israeli prime minister ariel sharon wrapped up a visit to the russian capital .
ref: senior palestinian leader arrives in moscow following sharon 's visit
dec: top palestinian leader arrives in moscow

article: turkey 's nihat kahveci and okan buruk scored one goal each as turkey beat macedonia #-# on saturday in a euro #### group # qualifier .
ref: turkey beats macedonia #-# in euro #### qualifier
dec: turkey beats macedonia #-# in euro qualifier

article: us secretary of state colin powell will travel to cambodia , bangladesh and jordan from june ## to ## , the state department announced thursday .
ref: powell to visit cambodia bangladesh jordan next week
dec: powell to travel to cambodia bangladesh jordan

article: kuwaiti ministry of health announced that no new bird flu cases were detected across the emirate on wednesday , the official kuna news agency reported .
ref: kuwait says no bird flu cases detected wednesday
dec: no new bird flu cases in kuwait

article: france 's world cup hero zinedine zidane said he wanted to play in spain after leaving italian champions juventus at the end of the season .
ref: zidane wants to play in spain
dec: zidane wants to play in spain

article: monsignor george g. higgins , dubbed `` the labor movement 's priest '' for his longtime commitment to union causes , died wednesday at ## .
ref: monsignor george higgins the labor movement 's priest dead at
dec: monsignor george higgins dies at ##

article: a leading presenter of the bbc television died monday after she was attacked near her home in west london , according to a bbc report .
ref: bbc tv presenter murdered outside home
dec: leading presenter of bbc television dies at ##

article: the headline on the news release about johnny benson , a winston cup driver , said it all : `` benson hopes for peaceful talladega .
ref: looking for an answer at talladega
dec: benson says benson hopes for peaceful talladega

article: serbia 's two largest opposition parties signaled monday that they were considering an alliance amid calls for early parliamentary elections in the scandal-plagued balkan republic .
ref: talks on new alliances start amid calls for early elections
dec: serbian opposition parties consider alliance

article: hungarian president arpad goencz turned down an invitation to participate in celebrations commemorating the #### strike in poznan after organizers snubbed the polish president .
ref: polish hungarian presidents forced to snub historic anniversary
dec: hungarian president rejects invitation to participate in strike celebrations

article: the us military said monday that the notorious us-run abu ghraib prison on baghdad 's western outskirts was being expanded by almost ## percent .
ref: us to expand iraq 's notorious abu ghraib prison
dec: us military says abu ghraib prison expanded

article: nepalese and mongolian officials at the asian games have disputed police claims that some of their athletes have gone missing from the athletes village .
ref: teams dispute police claims over missing athletes
dec: nepalese mongolian officials disputed police claims of missing athletes

article: the governor of louisiana , heavily critized for her response to hurricane katrina , says she will not seek a second term in november .
ref: us governor of storm-hit state will not seek reelection
dec: louisiana governor to not seek second term in november

article: former u.s. president george bush has said he is optimistic about u.s.-china relations despite `` serious setbacks '' that occurred during the past year .
ref: u.s. former president george bush optimistic about ties with china
dec: bush optimistic about u.s.-china relations

article: gold opened at u.s. dlrs ###.## an ounce on wednesday in hong kong , down dlrs #.## from tuesday 's close of dlrs ###.## .
ref: gold opens lower in hong kong
dec: gold opens lower in hong kong

article: norway on friday announced that it was lifting economic sanctions against libya , in keeping with a united nations resolution ending the ##-year boycott .
ref: norway lifts sanctions against libya after u.n. resolution
dec: norway lifts economic sanctions against libya

article: freeport-mcmoran copper &amp; gold inc. on tuesday said its second-quarter profit dropped ## percent , largely because of weak copper sales in north america .
ref: freeport-mcmoran #q profit drops beats street
dec: freeport-mcmoran second-quarter profit drops ## percent

article: overseas investors warned the philippines on thursday that it would be shunned unless it stuck to clear rules on contract awards to foreign companies .
ref: foreign investors warn philippines over contract rules
dec: overseas investors warn philippines on contract awards

article: the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has stepped up a campaign to combat drugs by imposing death sentence on drug dealers and smugglers .
ref: uae imposes death sentence on drug dealers
dec: uae steps up campaign to combat drugs

article: congolese rebels have accused president laurent kabila of violating human rights by executing innocent people , rebel-held radio goma monitored in rwanda announced .
ref: congo rebels accuse govt of executing innocent
dec: congolese rebels accuse kabila of violating human rights

article: west ham defender tomas repka is set to sign for sparta prague in his native czech republic , it was announced on thursday .
ref: sparta agree repka deal
dec: west ham defender repka set to sign for sparta prague

article: the moped , a motorbike with a small engine , has now been in wide use in shanghai , china 's largest city .
ref: <unk> becoming fashionable in shanghai
dec: motorbike with small engine in shanghai

article: uefa will investigate reports of crowd disturbances and racism from european championship qualifiers over the weekend , the european governing body said monday .
ref: uefa to investigate reports of crowd disturbances and racism
dec: uefa to investigate reports of crowd disturbances from european championship qualifiers

article: some ## jurassic-era dinosaur footprints have been discovered near a highway construction site in a mountainous region of switzerland , authorities said monday .
ref: new <unk> dinosaur footprints found in swiss mountain region
dec: ## dinosaur footprints discovered near highway site in switzerland

article: he has been jilted and he has done some <unk> , but marvin lewis finds himself the defensive coordinator for the washington redskins .
ref: lewis takes lateral and goes to redskins
dec: marvin lewis has defensive coordinator for redskins

article: australia 's incoming deputy prime minister mark vaile said friday he was honored to be handed the challenging role of representing regional australians .
ref: incoming deputy pm <unk> says he 's honored to take on challenging role
dec: australian deputy pm honored to be handed challenging role of australians

article: the turkish leader said wednesday the parliament has the final authority on the iraqi issue , reported the turkish news and translation agency .
ref: turkish leader stresses parliament authority on iraq issue
dec: turkish parliament says final authority on iraqi issue

article: police foiled an attempt wednesday by ## chinese nationals to illegally cross into israel from egypt 's sinai peninsula , police officials said .
ref: police stop ## chinese from crossing into israel
dec: police foil attempt to illegally cross into israel from sinai

article: nanjing road , the business street in this china 's leading industrial and commercial center , is bustling with activity these days .
ref: business on shanghai 's nanjing road bustling
dec: nanjing road thrives with activity

article: at least ## people were killed in western afghanistan 's herat province in ethnic fighting , kabul local news reported on sunday .
ref: ## killed in clash in western afghan province
dec: ## killed in western afghanistan in ethnic fighting

article: rescuers found three u.s. college students monday evening after they went missing during a weekend hike in ecuador 's northern andes mountains .
ref: police find # missing american hikers in ecuador
dec: three u.s. college students found missing in ecuador

article: a palestinian court sentenced a palestinian university student to death by firing squad for allegedly helping israeli agents kill a hamas leader .
ref: palestinian student sentenced to death for helping israeli military
dec: palestinian university student sentenced to death for firing squad for hamas agents

article: the price index of jordan 's amman financial market closed at ###.## points wednesday , #.## points lower than tuesday 's finish .
ref: jordan 's stock market closes lower
dec: jordan 's stock market index down

article: thousands of serbs rallied tuesday to demand the release of a hardline leader and others imprisoned after clashes with united nations police .
ref: serbs rally to protest arrest of their leader and u.n. police
dec: serbs rally to demand release of hardline leader

article: dutch prince <unk> and princess <unk> are expecting the birth of their second child in april , the royal house said friday .
ref: dutch royal couple expecting second child
dec: dutch prince expecting birth of second child in april

article: australian prime minister john howard arrived here saturday on his first visit to new zealand since coming to power a year ago .
ref: australian pm arrives for official visit
dec: australian prime minister arrives in new zealand

article: a senior us official said here on monday that the third round of beijing six-party talks ended on saturday was `` constructive .
ref: six-party talks in beijing constructive says us official
dec: us official says beijing six-party talks constructive

article: president barack obama made the world the boldest promise yet on wednesday in the battle to slow the heating of the planet .
ref: g-# promise pressures us congress to deliver
dec: obama touts boldest promise on planet

article: the un security council is discussing a draft resolution on sudan at the expert level , un spokesman fred eckhard said friday .
ref: un security council continues discussion on sudan
dec: un security council discusses draft resolution on sudan

article: hong kong shares rose ##.## points , or #.# percent , to finish at ##,###.## wednesday with a thinner trading volume .
ref: hong kong shares slightly higher
dec: hong kong shares finish higher

article: flu-like symptoms are continuing to spread among wimbledon staff , but organizers said no personnel has been diagnosed with swine flu .
ref: flu cases rise to ## at wimbledon
dec: flu-like symptoms continuing to spread among wimbledon staff

article: arab analysts doubted the authenticity of the latest video tape linked to osama bin laden and the sept. ## terror attacks .
ref: arabs question timing and authenticity of latest bin <unk>
dec: arab analysts doubts authenticity of bin laden video

article: a florida teenager finally took a long breath , uninterrupted by the hiccups that had plagued her for five weeks .
ref: teenager 's hiccups stop ... after five weeks
dec: florida teenager takes long breath

article: an anonymous bomb threat forced tbilisi authorities to shut down the subway in the georgian capital for seven hours thursday .
ref: bomb threat forces tbilisi metro to shut down
dec: anonymous bomb threat to shut down subway in georgia

article: the u.n. tribunal gave prosecutors a one year deadline wednesday to conclude their case against former yugoslav president slobodan milosevic .
ref: u.n. court puts one year time limit on prosecution case against milosevic
dec: u.n. tribunal gives deadline to conclude milosevic case

article: mtv 's hit series `` the osbournes '' will return for a second season , sharon osbourne said thursday .
ref: mtv reality series hit the osbournes will return for second
dec: sharon osbourne to return for second season

article: the chinese air force has established the no. # aeronautical institute to carry out emergency repairs on military aircraft .
ref: air force opens emergency repair center
dec: china establishes emergency repairs on military aircraft

article: the south african government thursday condemned personal attack by local media on the country 's health minister manto tshabalala-msimang .
ref: s. african media condemned for attacking minister
dec: s. african government condemns attack on health minister

article: following is the factbox on salzburg , one of the three cities bidding to host the #### winter olympics .
ref: factbox on salzburg 's #### winter games bid
dec: factbox on salzburg over winter olympics bid

article: south african police arrested ## foreign drug dealers in a sudden operation saturday in the eastern province of mpumalanga .
ref: s. african police nab ## foreign drug dealers
dec: south african police arrest ## foreign drug dealers

article: new york giants rookie wide receiver ike hilliard will undergo season-ending neck surgery tomorrow , the team said .
ref: giants ike hilliard to miss entire season with neck injury
dec: hilliard to undergo neck surgery

article: the composite stock index on the shanghai stock exchange finished at #,###.## points today , up ## .
ref: shanghai stock index mixed
dec: shanghai stock index up

article: kuwait stock exchange index closed at #,###.# points wednesday , up #.# points from tuesday 's finish .
ref: kuwait stock exchange index closes higher
dec: kuwait stock exchange index up

article: gov. anthony garotinho of rio de janeiro state announced tuesday he would resign to run for president .
ref: rio governor to resign and run for president
dec: rio gov. to resign

article: conquering apprehension about technology -- even among presumably worldly community leaders -- is a major challenge .
ref: overcoming the fear of technology is a big challenge
dec: conquering apprehension about technology

article: chinese president jiang zemin met with visiting kirghiz prime minister apas jumagulov here this morning .
ref: chinese president meets kirghiz prime minister in shanghai
dec: chinese president meets kirghiz prime minister

article: greek foreign minister karolos papoulias left here this evening for a five-day visit to china .
ref: greek foreign minister leaves for china tour
dec: greek foreign minister leaves for china visit

article: turkey 's central-left republican peoples ' party -lrb- chp -rrb- leader deniz baykal resigned thursday .
ref: turkey 's republican peoples party leader resigns
dec: turkey 's chp leader resigns

article: shaquille o'neal was given a book written by the german philosopher friedrich w. nietzsche .
ref: lakers turn in book reports
dec: o'neal gets book on nietzsche

article: new zealand sharemarket closed monday in a flat session with a moderate turnover .
ref: new zealand sharemarket closes down
dec: new zealand sharemarket closes in flat

article: the houston rockets re-signed forward matt bullard , the team said .
ref: houston rockets re-sign veteran forward matt bullard
dec: rockets re-sign bullard

article: negotiators are leaning toward a deal that would allow u.s. freight carriers direct access to vietnam for the first time since the vietnam war ended nearly ## years ago , but that would not give u.s. passenger airlines the same access , sources familiar with the talks said tuesday .
ref: talks may lead to direct access to vietnam for air carriers
dec: negotiators leaning toward deal on u.s. freight access to vietnam

article: japan 's kobe steel ltd. is to redevelop its former headquarters site and nearby land in kobe in western japan , hit by a massive quake two years ago , at a total cost of ## billion yen -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- , company officials said thursday .
ref: kobe steel to redevelop kobe site for ## bln yen
dec: kobe steel to redevelop former headquarters site in kobe

article: <unk> <unk> , a ballet dancer and teacher who developed <unk> , an influential training method promoting bodily alignment for dancers and <unk> , and whose students included tommy tune , patrick swayze and judith jamison , died on nov. ## in manhattan , where she lived .
ref: <unk> <unk> dancer who developed <unk> dies at ##
dec: <unk> <unk> ## training method for dancers

article: rock star elton john and longtime partner david furnish led the march up the aisle wednesday as an estimated ### same-sex couples in the united kingdom registered their unions on the first day that civil partnerships became , with remarkably little rancor , legal throughout the country .
ref: elton john partner join in civil union
dec: elton john david furnish lead in same-sex couples

article: defending men 's singles champion pete sampras , who has not played on wimbledon 's main show courts since the first-round , will be the first player on centre-court on wednesday to face fellow-american and tenth - seed michael chang for a place in the semi-finals .
ref: sampras comes in at last
dec: sampras to be first player on centre-court

article: the british insurance company commercial union -lrb- cu -rrb- on friday said it had entered into exclusive negotiations with the french company suez to buy the majority of the insurance operations of groupe victoire for around ##.# billion french francs -lrb- #.## billion pounds -rrb- .
ref: commercial union to buy <unk> for around #.## billion pounds
dec: british insurance company enters into negotiations with suez to buy insurance operations

article: sri lanka will attend for the first time the third ministerial meeting of the asia cooperation dialogue -lrb- acd -rrb- scheduled to be held on june ## and ## in qingdao city of china , the foreign ministry said in a statement on tuesday .
ref: sri lanka to attend acd ministerial meeting
dec: sri lanka to attend third ministerial meeting of asia cooperation dialogue

article: the marxist revolutionaries who were arrested last month as they planned what officials describe as an attack on the peruvian congress belong to a little-known guerrilla group that was believed to have been defeated two years ago , after police captured its top commanders .
ref: arrests in peru shed light on rebel group
dec: marxist revolutionaries belong to guerrilla group

article: the communist chinese embassy in canberra asked organizers of an annual multicultural parade in the australian capital that the flag of taiwan not be allowed to be displayed by elementary school students from <unk> city at a parade marking the opening of the festival .
ref: prc embassy asks not to allow display of taiwan flag at aussie march
dec: chinese embassy asks organizers of multicultural parade in australia

article: `` fun with dick and jane '' first came out in #### , and starred jane fonda and george segal in what would become a sort of '##s period piece , a comedy saturated in the look and particular anxieties of its era .
ref: in the end you can have fun with dick and jane
dec: fun with dick and jane

article: -lrb- ap -rrb- _ japan is not yet ready to accept a u.s. request for talks this fall , where the u.s. is expected to ask japan to ease terms for japan 's imports of american beef , the agricultural minister said .
ref: farm minister reluctant about talks to expand u.s. beef exports
dec: tokyo not ready to accept u.s. request for talks on american beef

article: richie ramsay became the first scotsman to win the u.s. amateur golf championship in ### years on sunday , making just two bogeys and hitting ## of ## fairways and greens for a # and # victory over ##-year-old american john kelly .
ref: ramsay is first scot to win amateur in ### years
dec: ramsay wins u.s. amateur golf championship

article: the all-star break is behind the angels and so , most likely , are those pesky questions about where their left fielder has <unk> hid claiming mvp honors at the all-star game , garret anderson 's national profile never has been higher .
ref: angels anderson not unnoticed anymore
dec: anderson has all-star break

article: delta air lines posted a loss of dlrs ### million in the first quarter , as passenger revenues continued to lag , but the carrier said it sees signs of a gradual recovery _ including a small operating profit last month .
ref: delta posts dlrs ### million loss in first quarter but sees
dec: delta air lines posts loss

article: an effort by president clinton to `` use the bully pulpit to focus the country 's attention on the aids epidemic '' will bring ### activists , researchers and local officials to the first white house conference on the disease wednesday .
ref: first-ever white house aids conference will renew focus activists
dec: clinton to bring ### activists to white house conference on aids

article: three-term u.s. sen. joe lieberman fell to anti-iraq war challenger ned lamont in connecticut 's democratic primary election , a race seen as a harbinger of sentiment over a conflict that has claimed the lives of more than #,### u.s. troops .
ref: sen. joe lieberman loses to anti-iraq war challenger in key election test
dec: lieberman drops to lamont in connecticut election

article: the people of afghanistan have no qualms about the presence of u.s. and other anti-terror coalition troops on their territory , viewing it as a necessary part of the global struggle against terrorism , the afghan ambassador to moscow said wednesday .
ref: afghan ambassador to moscow says afghan people have no objections
dec: afghan ambassador says no qualms about u.s. presence of anti-terror coalition troops

article: lawyers for more than ### alleged victims of clergy sex abuse and the boston archdiocese have tentatively agreed to settle hundreds of the cases for $ ## million , two sources close to the negotiations told the associated press on tuesday .
ref: tentative agreement on boston church abuse suits reached after intensive talks sources say
dec: lawyers agree to settle cases of clergy sex abuse victims

article: brian lara hit a resolute , unbeaten ## to lead the west indies ' challenge against india to reach a formidable victory target of ### on a tense fourth day of the second cable &amp; wireless cricket test on monday .
ref: lara leads west indies challenge for ### victory target in test
dec: lara leads west indies challenge vs. india

article: estonia will vote on the eu constitution as planned despite a decision by eu leaders to extend the ratification deadline to allow countries to take stock after the french and dutch no votes , prime minister andrus ansip said friday .
ref: estonia to go ahead with eu constitution ratification
dec: estonia to vote on eu constitution

article: after pittsburgh had become the latest team dazed and battered by the kent state golden flashes on thursday night , kent state coach stan heath strolled down a long hallway in rupp arena with guard trevor huffman matching his stride .
ref: kent state is even surprising itself
dec: heath aims for pittsburgh

article: the department of economic services of hong kong today handed a contribution of #.## million hk dollars -lrb- ###,### us dollars -rrb- to the convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora -lrb- cites -rrb- .
ref: hong kong donates to cites enforcement project
dec: hk economic services hands contribution to convention on trade

article: a teenage girl who is the only known survivor of a yemeni jetliner crash could barely swim but managed to hang on long enough for rescuers to find her in the ocean , her father told french radio wednesday .
ref: teen survivor of yemeni jet crash doing well
dec: teenage girl could barely swim survivor of yemeni jetliner crash

article: listed dickson concepts -lrb- international -rrb- ltd. has submitted a proposal to acquire the business and assets of troubled us retailer barney 's inc. for #.# billion hong kong dollars -lrb- ### million us -rrb- , its chairman said .
ref: hk 's dickson concepts bids for troubled us retailer
dec: dickson concepts seeks proposal to acquire barney 's business

article: the tel aviv stock exchange postponed until the end of may the introduction of a trading system which will move it from floor trading to computerized transactions , said ester <unk> , the executive vice president of the exchange .
ref: tel aviv stock exchange delays new trading system until may
dec: tel aviv stock exchange postpones trading system

article: shimon peres ' ##th birthday bash this weekend is bringing together some #,### guests , including present and former heads of state , business tycoons and artists , among them bill clinton , mikhail gorbachev and kathleen turner .
ref: shimon peres ##th birthday party draws some #,### guests from bill clinton to kathleen turner
dec: peres ##th birthday bash

article: the length of time the frejus tunnel , linking france and italy , will be closed after a deadly fire june # will not be known until the end of the month , the tunnel authorities said wednesday .
ref: length of closure of alpine tunnel not known until end of month
dec: frejus tunnel to be closed after fire in france

article: nearly ## years after a news magazine declared that an epidemic of genital herpes threatened to undo the sexual revolution , a new study finds an encouraging decline in the percentage of people infected with the herpes virus .
ref: herpes infection declines seen especially among youth
dec: new study touts herpes epidemic

article: a drought ravaging australia will slash production of winter grains like wheat and barley by more than half , and cut economic growth by about three quarters of a percentage point , a government report said tuesday .
ref: drought to slash crop production and cut economic growth
dec: australia to slash production of winter grains

article: feyenoord rotterdam clung on thursday for a #-# draw against internazionale of milan , winning the semifinal tie #-# on aggregate and booking a dream ticket to the uefa cup final in its home de <unk> stadium .
ref: feyenoord holds inter #-# to advance to uefa cup final
dec: feyenoord draws for #-# draw vs. internazionale in uefa cup

article: two people were injured and four others detained by police when a mob attacked supporters of opposition leader megawati sukarnoputri at a town south of jakarta , an indonesian democracy party -lrb- pdi -rrb- official said sunday .
ref: two injured in attack on indonesian opposition supporters
dec: two injured in mob attack in megawati

article: in the latest show of american support for the united nations , a bipartisan group of american congresswomen spent a day discussing global issues affecting women and children with secretary-general kofi annan and other top u.n. officials .
ref: u.s. congresswomen discuss global issues affecting women and
dec: u.s. congresswomen seeks global issues on women children

article: new car registrations in western europe dropped more than # percent last month compared to march #### , reflecting both an early easter holiday and continued economic uncertainty , the auto industry 's trade group reported tuesday .
ref: new car sales drop in western europe for march
dec: western europe car registrations drop # percent in western europe

article: scores of protesters were injured wednesday when police clashed with several hundred high school students chanting `` death to america '' and `` death to israel '' and trying to march to the u.s. embassy in bahrain .
ref: scores injured in bahrain clashes over israel 's west bank military
dec: scores injured in protesters protest in bahrain

article: chinese premier wen jiabao visited the gene research center under the faculty of medicine of the university of hong kong -lrb- hku -rrb- and made a speech there monday as part of his tour to hong kong .
ref: hka premier wen visits university of hong kong
dec: chinese premier visits gene research center in hong kong

article: the senate 's second-ranking democrat is pushing a bill that would allow lebanese nationals currently in the united states to remain here because the fighting between israel and hezbollah makes it unsafe for them to return home .
ref: illinois senator backs bill to help lebanese nationals in united states
dec: senate pushing bill on lebanese nationals

article: members of a senate panel voiced strong skepticism wednesday about a proposed national agreement between the tobacco industry and state attorneys general , even as the full senate agreed to bolster state efforts to stop teenage smoking .
ref: senators back youth smoking curbs express doubts on tobacco pact
dec: senate panel skeptical on tobacco agreement

article: sudanese leader general omar bashir reaffirmed his country 's islamic option tuesday , warning that his regime would not be diverted from its path by what he described as an organised war against moslems around the world .
ref: bashir reaffirms sudan 's islamic option
dec: sudanese leader reaffirms islamic option

article: the nepali police has arrested three kingpins of smugglers with a big consignment of hashish valued about ##,### us dollars in a raid operation on friday in the kathmandu valley , the kathmandu post newspaper reported saturday .
ref: large amount of drugs seized kingpins arrested in nepal
dec: nepali police arrest three kingpins of hashish

article: a section of a highway bridge over the arkansas river collapsed during a thunderstorm sunday , sending at least nine vehicles plunging into the water and leaving at least half a dozen people trapped , authorities said .
ref: barge hits arkansas river bridge ; at least # vehicles in water and
dec: section of highway bridge over arkansas river dies

article: the dollar continued to fall against the main european early on thursday under the effect of falling bond markets in europe and the united states , while dealers in paris reported that central banks had intervened .
ref: dollar slumps against european currencies
dec: dollar continues to fall against main european

article: the ice packs that block navigation across the top of the world are thinning as earth 's climate warms , raising the likelihood that commercial shipping and military vessels will soon routinely ply these long-frozen <unk> .
ref: with ice thinning canada claims the northwest passage
dec: ice packs thinning as earth 's climate warms

article: the top seeds in both the men 's and women 's sections , russia and georgia respectively , jumped to big leads by crushing their opponents in the sixth round of the chess olympiad on thursday .
ref: russia and georgia jump to big leads in chess olympiad
dec: top seeds roar to big leads in chess olympiad

article: a court has sentenced five of eight eight somalis accused of belonging to the <unk> <unk> organization and who were convicted last week of murder to death by hanging , the ethiopian news agency reported friday .
ref: <unk> trial court sentences five of eight alleged <unk> members convicted
dec: five somalis sentenced to sentenced to sentenced to death

article: four <unk> vessels started operation saturday morning at the end of the xiaolangdi water control project , signifying the commencement of china 's third-round <unk> operation to clear up the course of the <unk> yellow river .
ref: third-round <unk> operation begins to clear up yellow river course
dec: four vessels start operation in xiaolangdi water control project

article: a top house leader signaled friday that state lawmakers were in no rush to overhaul the troubled probation department , following a devastating report that said the agency is riddled with fraud and `` systemic corruption .
ref: a top house leader downplays tough report leader says house will not rush to judgment
dec: top house leader says state lawmakers in no rush to overhaul probation department

article: rising oil prices sparked an upsurge in inflation in latin america 's largest nation in march , ending a four-month easing in price increases and casting a pall on hopes for further interest rate cuts soon .
ref: march inflation ticks up lowering rate cut expectations
dec: oil prices rise in latin america inflation

article: a young cook who kicked one his colleagues in the butt to make him hurry was fined #,### francs -lrb- ### dollars -rrb- and given an eight-day suspended prison sentence in this central french city .
ref: kick in the butt costs cook ### dollars
dec: young cook fined for prison sentence in french city

article: denmark 's ##-player roster for the #### world cup presented by coach morten olsen on monday , with the name of the player followed by his club and number of appearances for the national team .
ref: denmark 's world cup roster
dec: denmark 's ##-player roster for world cup

article: complaining about u.s. pressure on the organization of petroleum exporting countries , iran said wednesday that it would join other opec members and increase crude oil production to avoid losing its share of the market .
ref: fearing loss of market share iran increases oil production
dec: iran says to join opec members

article: differences between the legislative yuan and the executive yuan over the restarting of construction of the fourth nuclear power plant have narrowed but are not yet resolved , executive yuan secretary-general chiou i-jen said monday .
ref: <unk> differences narrowed but not resolved
dec: executive yuan chief says differences over construction of nuclear power plant narrowed

article: the international court of justice in the hague ruled friday that the security barrier being constructed by israel in the west bank is illegal , violates the human rights of palestinians and must be dismantled .
ref: u.n. court rejects west bank barrier
dec: international court rules security barrier illegal in israel

article: the german economy expanded a greater-than-expected #.# percent in the second quarter and #.# percent from the year before , as the weak deutsche mark fueled an export surge , the federal statistics office said .
ref: german gdp rose #.# % in second quarter climbed #.# % in year
dec: german economy expands greater-than-expected #.# percent in second quarter

article: nato renewed pressure on the netherlands monday to send more troops to expand an afghan <unk> mission into the country 's volatile south , while vowing the force will be `` robust '' enough .
ref: nato vows robust afghan mission presses dutch
dec: nato renews pressure on netherlands to send more troops to afghan mission

article: prudential financial , the us-based insurer and asset manager , teamed up with indian real-estate developer dlf on tuesday to sell life policies in an under - insured market expanding by ## percent annually .
ref: prudential financial of us in indian insurance venture
dec: prudential teamed up with indian real-estate developer to sell life policies

article: a roman catholic priest known for speaking out against the mafia has been transferred from palermo by magistrates looking into allegations that he raped a boy and sexually molested another , officials said thursday .
ref: anti-mafia priest is transferred after pedophilia allegations
dec: roman catholic priest transferred from palermo

article: more than ## percent of new zealand youths between ## and ## could not find a job in the second quarter of this year , a media release of statistics new zealand said thursday .
ref: foreign exchange rates in new zealand
dec: new zealand youths could not find job in second quarter

article: australia on wednesday backed washington 's criticism of a new agreement between iraq and u.n. weapons inspectors , saying it was a waste of time because of restrictions on access to suspected weapons sites .
ref: australia says u.n. inspection agreement with iraq a waste of time
dec: australia backs criticism of new agreement with iraq

article: the human <unk> against the computer revolution advanced another step as vladimir kramnik defeated the computer program deep fritz in the third game of the `` brains in bahrain '' match here on tuesday .
ref: kramnik wins third game up #.#-# .# against computer program
dec: kramnik wins brains in bahrain

article: gold in hong kong rose the equivalent of #.## u.s. dollars an ounce on tuesday , to open at ###.## u.s. dollars , compared with monday 's hong kong close of ###.## u.s. dollars .
ref: du maurier open results
dec: gold in hong kong up

article: an israeli airstrike in the gaza strip killed four palestinians and wounded five others wednesday as israel continued targeting militants following a suicide bombing last week and sporadic rocket attacks from gaza since then .
ref: israel airstrike kills # palestinians in gaza strip
dec: israeli airstrike kills four palestinians in gaza

article: organization of american states secretary general jose miguel insulza will travel to nicaragua next week at managua 's request to examine the political crisis pitting president enrique bolanos against opposition parties that control congress .
ref: oas chief to travel to nicaragua amid political crisis
dec: u.s. secretary general to travel to nicaragua

article: u.s. president bill clinton has signed an executive order easing restrictions on travel , aid and money transfers between the united states and cuba , white house officials were quoted as saying on friday .
ref: clinton signs order easing travel to cuba
dec: clinton signs easing restrictions on travel in cuba

article: south korean share prices closed #.## percent lower tuesday as oil prices rose to near ## dollars a barrel , sparking fears about the potential impact on a <unk> local economy , dealers said .
ref: seoul shares close #.## percent lower
dec: seoul shares close #.## percent lower

article: norsk hydro asa on monday reported a more than ## percent decline in net profit for the third quarter of #### , which it blamed mainly on the high cost of oil exploration .
ref: norsk hydro reports sharp decline in net profit due high oil explorations costs
dec: norsk hydro reports ## percent decline in net profit

article: opposition leader afonso dhlakama charged monday that there had been fraud in last october 's elections in mozambique , but called on his supporters to forget it as a thing of the past .
ref: forget about election fraud says dhlakama as renamo conference opens
dec: opposition leader accuses dhlakama of fraud in mozambique elections

article: president gloria arroyo on tuesday welcomed offers by the european union and the united states to help solve a spate of political murders in the philippines and `` break the cycle of violence .
ref: arroyo welcomes eu us help on killings
dec: arroyo welcomes eu offers to help solve political murders in philippines

article: deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz paid tribute to a top shiite cleric killed last month in iraq saturday , calling him a true patriot and an inspiration to many people of different faiths .
ref: u.s. deputy defense secretary honors iraqi cleric killed in car blast
dec: wolfowitz pays tribute to top shiite cleric in iraq

article: switzerland scored a trade surplus of ###.# million swiss francs in january , a sharp turnaround from a deficit of ###.# million francs in december , the federal customs office announced on tuesday .
ref: switzerland rolls up january trade surplus
dec: switzerland reports trade surplus in january

article: nato-led troops dismantled checkpoints set up by bosnian serb police loyal to radovan karadzic on tuesday , and western officials demanded that a key aide to the top war crimes suspect be fired .
ref: nato dismantles serb checkpoints seeks firing of key karadzic
dec: nato-led troops break checkpoints set up to karadzic

article: a son of president saddam hussein and commander of the republican guards pledged allegiance to his father sunday , a day after the u.s. president reaffirmed his goal of overthrowing the iraqi leader .
ref: saddam 's son pledges allegiance after bush reaffirms his aim to
dec: saddam son pledges allegiance to father

article: top aides to embattled president eduardo duhalde lobbied congressional leaders tuesday to break an impasse and enact reforms sought by the international monetary fund as a condition for restoring emergency aid to argentina .
ref: argentina 's economy minister is lobbying congress to enact reforms
dec: top aides lobby congressional leaders to break impasse on monetary fund

article: president kim dae-jung 's office denied thursday that the government had been involved in a lobbying scheme by a now jailed <unk> that allegedly helped kim win the nobel peace prize in #### .
ref: south korean president denies lobbying for nobel prize
dec: kim denies government involved in lobbying scheme

article: disney theatrical productions is sending `` on the record , '' a staged compilation of songs from the disney catalog , across much of the eastern half of america starting in september .
ref: disney tunes will go on tour
dec: disney theatrical productions to sending on record

article: <unk> international holdings ltd. , a leading maker of artificial christmas trees , said wednesday it is selling a majority stake of its core business will now focus on #-d computer animation .
ref: leading christmas tree maker switches to cartoon animation
dec: <unk> international selling majority stake in #-d

article: president bill clinton was riding high thursday on the demise of a bill for a balanced budget amendment to the us constitution which has been a top priority of the republican opposition .
ref: clinton rides high on demise of balanced budget amendment
dec: clinton riding high on budget amendment

article: lower sales and the costs of cutting thousands of jobs helped push second-quarter profits down ## percent for chemical giant dupont , overshadowing a strong showing by its agriculture and nutrition business .
ref: dupont #q profit skids as chemical cuts back
dec: dupont profit falls ## percent on jobs

article: us secretary of state condoleezza rice arrived here saturday on the first leg of a middle east tour aimed at <unk> the israeli-palestinian peace process and encouraging democracy in the arab world .
ref: rice arrives in israel at start of mideast tour
dec: rice arrives in middle east tour

article: germany 's unemployment rate remained stuck at ##.# percent in august , with nearly ###,### more people out of work than at the same time last year , the government said thursday .
ref: germany unemployment rate unchanged in august at ##.# percent
dec: germany 's unemployment rate stuck at ##.# percent in august

article: romania 's opposition deputies have filed a no-confidence motion against the government charging the latter with corruption and worsening the country 's economic crisis , a member of the opposition said thursday .
ref: opposition files no-confidence motion against government
dec: romania opposition deputies file no-confidence motion

article: venezuela will ask the united states to extradite former president carlos andres perez for his alleged role in repressing a wave of protests in #### , government prosecutor isaias rodriguez said wednesday .
ref: venezuela to ask us to extradite former president perez
dec: venezuela to ask u.s. to extradite former president

article: the dollar plunged against the yen following remarks by a key japanese finance ministry official that the group of seven accord over the weekend would send a strong message to markets .
ref: dollar plunges as sakakibara says impact of g-# accord strong
dec: dollar plunges against yen after accord

article: legislation combining <unk> extension with other changes to the u.s. food and drug administration could on the senate floor by july , senate labor and human resources chairman james jeffords said .
ref: jeffords says fda overhaul user fees bill to move quickly
dec: jeffords says legislation on u.s. food could on senate floor

article: president jacques chirac and paris mayor bertrand delanoe presided over a simple burial ceremony wednesday for ## people who died alone in the capital during a brutal heat wave last month .
ref: chirac presides over ceremony for unclaimed victims of heat wave
dec: chirac and paris presided over simple burial ceremony for ## people

article: un special representative in iraq sergio vieira de mello arrived in kuwait on saturday as part of a tour to states neighbouring iraq , the official kuwait news agency kuna reported .
ref: un envoy to iraq in kuwait for talks
dec: un special representative arrives in kuwait

article: indonesian officials say they expect to be able to unveil as early as next week a new and improved economic reform package -- the third here in less than five months .
ref: indonesia ready to detail new economic reform plan
dec: indonesia expects to unveil economic reform package

article: gwanda chakuamba , a senior aide of former president hastings kamuzu banda has retained his seat in one of a series of re-run elections in constituencies here , results showed wednesday .
ref: banda aide retains seat in re-run election
dec: banda retained seat in re-run elections in constituencies

article: the daughter of italian wireless pioneer guglielmo marconi opposes the dispersal of hundreds of historic telegrams belonging to the firm her father founded when they come up for auction in april .
ref: marconi daughter opposes dispersal of historic messages
dec: italian wireless pioneer opposes dispersal of historic telegrams

article: new york knicks president scott layden refused tuesday to discuss details of latrell sprewell 's hand injury , just one of the problems the team faced as it opened training camp .
ref: cause of sprewell 's hand injury remains a mystery
dec: knicks president refuses to discuss sprewell injury

article: the ruling baath party has opened two large markets in central baghdad to sell fruit and vegetables directly to consumers and fight spiralling prices , the party paper said thursday .
ref: saddam 's party opens markets to fight rising food prices
dec: baath party opens two large markets in baghdad to sell fruit vegetables

article: three people have been shot dead and three policemen were injured in a bomb blast early monday in the latest attacks in thailand 's troubled southern provinces , police said .
ref: three civilians killed three police injured in southern thailand violence
dec: three shot dead in bomb blast in thailand

article: hoping to steal some of the thunder from president clinton 's summit on volunteerism this weekend , republicans in congress began pushing legislation wednesday to exempt volunteers from liability lawsuits .
ref: bills in congress would partly shield volunteers from lawsuits
dec: republicans propose legislation to exempt volunteers from liability lawsuits

article: for decades , researchers have ransacked the genetic pedigrees of people with mental illness , looking for common variations that combine to cause devastating conditions like schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .
ref: mental illness clues in genes life story
dec: researchers discover genetic pedigrees of mental illness

article: south korean won <unk> shot an even-par ## in drizzling rain sunday and coasted to a five-stroke victory in the ## million yen -lrb- dlrs ###,### -rrb- suntory ladies open .
ref: south korean won wins we love kobe suntory ladies open
dec: south korean wins suntory ladies open

article: former leaders of the ruling african national congress ' guerrilla army were tuesday appointed to top positions in the south african national defense force , including the number two post .
ref: former guerrilla leaders given top military posts
dec: former ruling army leaders named to top positions in south african defense force

article: a prosecutor said he can not prove a terrorism link to two men arrested after they bought large numbers of cell phones , and will drop terrorism charges against them .
ref: prosecutor to drop terror charges for now
dec: prosecutor says he can not prove terrorism link to two men

article: target therapeutics inc. 's former directors are considering legal action after boston scientific corp. 's stock plunged just days after the medical device maker bought target in a stock swap .
ref: boston scientific could face lawsuit on stock plunge
dec: target therapeutics considering legal action over boston scientific stock plunge

article: russia earned its berth in the final on friday by beating britain in a make-or-break doubles showdown and will now face argentina for the world team cup title on saturday .
ref: russia to face argentina in final of world team cup
dec: russia beats britain in doubles showdown

article: strong u.s. and asian economies plus a boom in semiconductor sales helped profit from worldwide operations at toshiba corp. and hitachi ltd. rise in the half year to sept. ## .
ref: toshiba hitachi profits up on strong overseas sales chip boom
dec: toshiba hitachi rise in semiconductor sales

article: aluminum co. of america said it raised prices for certain <unk> aluminum products by # percent to # percent as new aircraft orders drive demand for the specialty processed metal .
ref: alcoa raises prices for <unk> aluminum used in aircraft
dec: aluminum co. raises prices for <unk> aluminum products

article: campaign aides said wednesday that bill bradley has decided to end his quest for the democratic presidential nomination after a string of primary losses to vice president al gore .
ref: bradley will drop out of race aides say
dec: bradley decides to end quest for democratic presidential nomination

article: another ## supporters of congo 's foremost opposition politician have been arrested just weeks after their leader 's release from five months of internal exile , officials said wednesday .
ref: soldiers arrest ## opposition party members
dec: another ## supporters arrested in congo

article: us warplanes on tuesday bombed a surface-to-air missile system in the southern no-fly zone of iraq after it was deployed in the restricted area , us military officials said .
ref: us warplanes bomb iraqi missile system
dec: us warplanes bomb surface-to-air missile system in iraq

article: as part of a general restructuring of its private banking division , fleetboston financial corp. will announce wednesday that it has hired a new managing director for <unk> services .
ref: fleet hires managing director for private banking division
dec: fleetboston hires new managing director for <unk> services

article: the french embassy in saudi arabia said on wednesday it was warned by saudi authorities that the group behind last week 's killing of four frenchmen might strike again .
ref: france warned of possible further attacks in saudi
dec: french embassy in saudi warned of strike

article: hundreds of thousands of techno fans with multi-colored hairdos and weird and wonderful costumes replaced <unk> bankers saturday as the swiss financial capital turned into a huge rave party .
ref: love machines and techno freaks fill zurich
dec: swiss techno replaced as rave party

article: sri lankan war planes bombed a suspected tiger rebel camp in the northeast on friday as part of an increased offensive against the guerrillas , a defense official said .
ref: sri lanka war planes bomb suspected tiger camp
dec: sri lankan war planes bomb suspected tiger rebel camp

article: police vehicles scoured the city and troops took up posts outside the presidential palace , congress and subway stations thursday as demonstrators gathered to march against president hugo chavez .
ref: heavy security as opposition prepares to march against chavez
dec: police take up posts outside presidential palace

article: andrey kuznetsov of russia won the boys ' title at wimbledon on sunday by beating jordan cox of the united states #-# , #-# , #-# in the final .
ref: <unk> beats cox for boys title at wimbledon
dec: kuznetsov wins boys title at wimbledon

article: although vietnam 's economic progress has been `` impressive , '' u.s. treasury secretary robert rubin said there remain many reasons for investors to be wary of the country .
ref: rubin tells vietnamese many obstacles to investment remain
dec: rubin says vietnam economic progress impressive

article: new checks by a european union scientific panel have confirmed that eating beef from cattle raised on growth hormones is a potential health risk , the eu said tuesday .
ref: eu says new scientific evidence backs up beef hormone fears
dec: eu says eating beef from cattle raised on growth hormones

article: a european appeals court tuesday upheld a eur ##.# million us$ ## million -rrb- fine against french tire maker michelin for an illegal rebate policy intended to eliminate competition .
ref: european court upholds eu fine against michelin over rebate policy
dec: court upholds fine against michelin for illegal rebate policy

article: the flame in two spots among a dozen in a north china 's virgin forest that caught fire tuesday have been basically controlled , local police sources said thursday .
ref: two fire spots in china 's virgin forest basically controlled
dec: flame in china 's virgin forest controlled

article: free hugs , advice from a spastic ninja and band members performing on a stage of eight treadmills won users ' choice awards , which youtube announced on monday .
ref: youtube names video award winners
dec: youtube wins users choice awards

article: three bangladeshi policemen were killed saturday by unidentified men who threw grenades and used automatic weapons in the troubled southeastern hill tracts , the official bss news agency said .
ref: three policemen killed in bangladesh 's troubled hills
dec: three bangladeshi policemen killed in southeastern hill

article: kids will finally have a chance to learn financial lessons from billionaire warren buffett when his cartoon is released online this fall -- three years later than planned .
ref: buffett s animated financial lessons going online
dec: kids to learn to learn buffett lessons from buffett

article: ten bodies of fishermen were recovered on sunday from the southeastern coastal area of bangladesh , as some ## others still missing after their boats capsized amid storm .
ref: ## fishermen killed ## missing in bay of bengal amid storm
dec: ten bodies of fishermen recovered in bangladesh

article: members of the world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- failed again to decide who will lead the organization into the new century after a last-minute meeting here wednesday .
ref: wto members miss deadline to agree on new chief again
dec: wto members fail to decide on new century

article: excelling in spanish and english , john lee malvo was a quiet but bright student who eagerly volunteered for after-school work , school officials in jamaica said friday .
ref: sniper suspect known as bright student and loving child in jamaica
dec: jamaica school officials say malvo quiet but bright student for after-school work

article: british prime minister tony blair met with czech leaders here monday as part of a brief visit aiming to strengthen business ties and the prospects for european integration .
ref: blair arrives in prague for brief visit aiming to strengthen
dec: blair meets czech leaders

article: the obama administration began a broad effort wednesday to enlist china to help rein in north korea in the wake of its deadly attack tuesday on south korea .
ref: u.s. asking china to help rein in north koreans
dec: u.s. begins broad effort to enlist china to help rein in north korea

article: israel 's media declared an end thursday to the tumultuous ariel sharon era as the prime minister lay fighting for his life after suffering a massive brain <unk> .
ref: israeli media declare end to sharon era
dec: israel media declares end to sharon era

article: a russian government plane will be dispatched to baghdad on friday to evacuate employees of a russian energy company , the interfax news agency said on thursday .
ref: russia to evacuate remaining energy company workers from iraq
dec: russian plane to be dispatched to baghdad to evacuate employees

article: both houses of the russian parliament approved a controversial #### budget package friday that allocates substantially less funding for the military than the defense ministry had demanded .
ref: mps overriding military pass tight '## budget
dec: russian parliament passes controversial budget package

article: world number one and defending champion roger federer will take on french teenager gael monfils in the the final of the ###,###-dollar qatar open here on saturday .
ref: federer to face monfils in qatar final
dec: federer to take on monfils in qatar open

article: shen xue and zhao hongbo , chinese ace figure skaters and world champions , eased to take the pairs title at four continents in colorado on thursday .
ref: chinese world champions shen\/zhao claims pairs title at four continents
dec: chinese zhao eases to take pairs title in colorado

article: archeologists confirmed that the human skeletons discovered this may in northwest china 's qinghai province belonged to three europeans who lived in china over #,### years ago .
ref: ancient european remains discovered in nw china
dec: archeologists confirm human skeletons in qinghai

article: ukraine will host an international exercise in the the crimea involving ## countries , including the united states and russia , itar - tass news agency reported .
ref: ukraine to host international naval exercise
dec: ukraine to host international exercise in crimea

article: here are some recipes from `` from the field to the table , '' a collection of recipes from the kitchens of carroll county farmers in maryland .
ref: <unk> tomatoes a juicy recipe from carroll county farm cookbook
dec: some recipes for recipes from carroll county farmers

article: philippine budget secretary emilia boncodin said tuesday up to #,### government workers are to be pensioned off this year as part of a plan to trim bureaucracy .
ref: #,### philippine govt workers to be <unk> off
dec: philippine budget secretary says #,### government workers to be pensioned off

article: three key yugoslav opposition leaders are expected to travel to paris soon at the invitation of foreign minister herve de charette , a ministry spokesman said tuesday .
ref: yugoslav opposition leaders due in paris
dec: three yugoslav opposition leaders expected to travel to paris

article: the economic crisis plaguing indonesia since july #### made the country the world 's biggest recipient of food aid in #### , a senior official said .
ref: indonesia becomes biggest recipient of food aid
dec: economic crisis in indonesia becomes world 's biggest recipient of food aid

article: burundi 's information minister has ordered the closure of a second private radio station within a week after journalists violated a ban on interviewing rebel officials .
ref: burundian authorities shut down second private radio station for interviewing rebel spokesman
dec: burundi information minister orders closure of private radio station

article: an internet exhibition conference is to be held here next month , said ahmed <unk> , an official from the emirates telecommunications corporation , on monday .
ref: uae to hold internet exhibition
dec: internet exhibition conference to be held in emirates

article: visiting arab league -lrb- al -rrb- secretary general amr moussa here on monday expressed confidence in the settlement of the lebanon problem despite `` complications '' .
ref: al chief expresses confidence in settling lebanon issue despite complications
dec: al chief upbeat in lebanon settlement

article: u.s. and german automaker daimlerchrysler ag and beijing automotive industry holding co. on monday announced a deal that will allow china to start producing mercedes sedans .
ref: daimlerchrysler beijing automotive to unite in producing mercedes sedans in china
dec: daimlerchrysler beijing to allow mercedes sedans

article: u.s. treasuries fell in asia on expectations the federal reserve is unlikely to lower interest rates this month because of delays in resolving the budget dispute .
ref: u.s. bonds fall in asia as investors expect delay in rate cut
dec: u.s. treasuries fall in asia on expectations to lower interest rates

article: michael schumacher raced ahead in saturday 's practice for the austrian grand prix , leaving ferrari teammate rubens barrichello more than seven-tenths of a second behind .
ref: results of practice for austrian grand prix
dec: schumacher races ahead in austrian practice

article: romania were fined ## , ooo dollars by fifa on saturday for violating advertising rules and may be in further trouble for snubbing the media .
ref: romania in the doghouse
dec: romania fined for violating advertising rules

article: win or lose in tomorrow 's sugar bowl , the university of texas will remain the southwest conference football champions until gabriel blows his horn .
ref: ut wants sugar victory to complete sweet swc sweep
dec: texas to remain southwest conference

article: sweden 's social democratic government <unk> on its military policy towards its baltic neighbors wednesday saying they should not expect swedish military help if attacked .
ref: <unk> without us in fight sweden tells baltic neighbors
dec: sweden 's social democratic government says not expect swedish military help if attacked

article: some rare documents from the chinese relics site dunhuang that were lost for nearly a century will be sold at auction next week in beijing .
ref: china largest auctioneer handling dunhuang documents
dec: rare documents from dunhuang relics to be sold at auction in beijing

article: asian markets closed mostly higher thursday , but tokyo shares snapped a five-day winning streak as investors locked in profits from banking and technology stocks .
ref: asian stock markets close mostly higher
dec: asian markets close mostly higher

article: five algerian asylum-seekers on a hunger strike for nearly two months were hospitalized after doctors concluded their lives were in danger , officials said friday .
ref: five algerian hunger-strikers hospitalized in france
dec: five algerian asylum-seekers on hunger strike

article: gold for current delivery closed at $ ###.## per troy ounce wednesday on the new york mercantile exchange , up from $ ###.## late tuesday .
ref: gold rises on nymex
dec: gold up on ny mercantile exchange

article: bayer leverkusen coach klaus toppmoeller confirmed thursday that nigeria had made an offer for him to coach the super eagles at the world cup .
ref: nigeria made world cup offer to german coach toppmoeller
dec: nigeria confirms offer for super eagles coach

article: the u.s. dollar rose against the new taiwan dollar on the taipei foreign exchange monday , gaining nt$ #.### to close at nt$ ##.### .
ref: u.s. dollar rises on taipei forex
dec: u.s. dollar rises on taipei forex

article: u.s. ambassador nancy powell took a turn with a brush wednesday in a `` paint a classroom '' project to improve schools in pakistan .
ref: u.s. ambassador paints school wall in pro-democracy project
dec: u.s. ambassador takes turn in paint classroom project in pakistan

article: authorities have failed to trace four westerners kidnapped in india 's troubled kashmir state three years ago , the indian interior minister said friday .
ref: indian police minister u.s. ambassador say no progress on
dec: indian interior minister says failed to trace four westerners kidnapped in kashmir

article: holders india began their campaign in the indira gandhi men 's field hockey tournament here saturday by defeating malaysia #-# while kazakhstan beat england .
ref: india kazakhstan win in men 's field hockey
dec: india starts campaign in indira gandhi hockey tournament

article: seven hostages were freed unhurt early tuesday after criminals held them locked in a room while they robbed a suburban supermarket , police said .
ref: seven hostages unhurt after supermarket robbery
dec: seven hostages freed after criminals robbery in bangladesh

article: china will give priority to polyethylene production during the ninth five-year plan period -lrb- ####-#### -rrb- , according to the china national petrochemical corporation .
ref: china to give priority to polyethylene production
dec: china to give priority to polyethylene production

article: australian men 's softball player dane <unk> has received a two-year olympic ban for refusing to undergo an out-of-competition drug test two years ago .
ref: <unk> suspended for two years
dec: australian softball player receives two-year olympic ban

article: st. maarten 's red cross was getting a face lift monday ahead of next month 's scheduled visit by princess <unk> of the netherlands .
ref: princess <unk> to pay a visit to st. maarten
dec: st. maarten 's red cross getting face lift ahead of visit

article: two women undergoing fertility treatment at a hospital received the wrong embryos because of a mix-up at a clinic , news reports said monday .
ref: fertility clinic patients receive wrong embryos
dec: two women undergoing fertility treatment for embryos in hospital

article: with no remaining regulatory hurdles , it expects to be a bermuda company as soon as possible following the close of business may ## .
ref: to save on taxes texas manufacturing company joins others in
dec: bermuda company expects to be a bermuda company

article: chief military prosecutor riyad <unk> on tuesday indicted two lebanese and a saudi citizen for their alleged membership of al-qaida , judicial officials said .
ref: lebanese prosecutor indicts alleged al-qaida members
dec: two indicted for alleged membership of al-qaida in lebanese

article: it was supposed to be a walkover : world champion france against african minnow senegal in the opening match of the #### world cup .
ref: another opening day shock as senegal topples france with <unk>
dec: france senegal face walkover in world cup

article: `` das boot : the director 's cut , '' a war drama , is rated r for war violence and brief language .
ref: second edition of das boot is even more of a great thing
dec: das boot focuses on war

article: the return of sure-handed sophomore brad <unk> during spring practice has helped ucla 's receiving corps mend its <unk> ways of ' ## .
ref: <unk> a welcome sight
dec: ucla signs <unk> ways

article: the new york mets have had more than their share of adversity in this young season , but they have established one positive .
ref: mets beat dodgers #-#
dec: mets improve adversity

article: overseas investors have poured more than ## billion u.s. dollars into road construction in china , minister of communications huang zhendong revealed today .
ref: huge foreign investment flows into china 's transport sector
dec: overseas investors flock to road construction in china

article: the wife of former cleveland browns defensive lineman bob gain wo n't have to complete a prison sentence for shooting and wounding him .
ref: governor commutes jail term for gain 's wife
dec: gain wo n't complete prison sentence for browns shooting

article: police in the russian capital have arrested a suspected chechen rebel who possessed a large amount of poisonous mercury , police said thursday .
ref: moscow police arrest suspected chechen rebel with a load of mercury
dec: suspected chechen rebel arrested in moscow

article: iraqi prime minister iyad allawi here monday sketched out some of his government goals for the country , stressing security as top priority .
ref: iraqi pm stresses security as top priority
dec: iraqi prime minister touts government goals

article: the swiss government wednesday authorised the controversial supply of ### army surplus armored personnel carriers to iraq , via the united arab emirates .
ref: swiss authorise sale of ### surplus armored troop carriers to iraq
dec: switzerland allows supply of army surplus armored personnel to iraq

article: argentina 's pumas beat the american eagles ##-## here on monday in a physical clash to qualify for the #### rugby world cup .
ref: argentina in world cup joy
dec: pumas beats eagles ##-## in world cup

article: the pacific tsunami warning center says a tsunami generated after a #.#-magnitude earthquake off of new zealand is small and poses no threat .
ref: tsunami warning canceled after new zealand quake
dec: pacific tsunami warning says tsunami generated after earthquake

article: a fire in a retirement home in southern russia killed two people and injured one , emergency ministry officials said late tuesday .
ref: fire kills two in russian retirement home
dec: two killed in retirement home in southern russia

article: chasing recognition as the country that will raise the curtain on #### , kiribati has renamed one of its tiny islands millennium .
ref: change of millennium means change of name for pacific island
dec: kiribati renames tiny islands millennium

article: a large commercial ferry transporting miscellaneous goods was abducted by somali gunmen tuesday off the coast of southern port town of kismayu .
ref: commercial ship abducted in s. somalia
dec: large commercial ferry abducted in somali port

article: hong kong is to force home the latest group of ### vietnamese boat people next week , a government spokesman said thursday .
ref: hong kong plans to send home another ### vietnamese boatpeople
dec: hong kong to force home of ### vietnamese boat

article: china 's bank of communications has become one of the first chinese banks officially assigned to provide futures traders with settlement services .
ref: china 's bank of communications authorized to settle futures accounts
dec: china 's bank of communications becomes first chinese banks to provide futures traders

article: thousands of serbs rallied tuesday to demand the release of a hardline leader and others imprisoned after clashes with united nations police .
ref: serbs rally to protest arrest of their leader and u.n. police
dec: serbs rally to demand release of hardline leader

article: a car bomb exploded in a market south of algiers , killing four people and injuring ## others , witnesses said sunday .
ref: four killed ## injured in market bombing south of algiers
dec: car bomb kills four in algiers

article: steven gerrard will play in david beckham 's position on the right of midfield in england 's friendly against greece on wednesday .
ref: mcclaren to start gerrard in beckham 's right-wing role against european champion greece
dec: gerrard to play in beckham position on greece

article: nepali government sunday discussed the management of the communist party of nepal -lrb- cpn -rrb- -lrb- formerly known as guerilla -rrb- cantonments .
ref: nepali cabinet discusses cpn camp management
dec: nepali government discusses management of cpn

article: italy is planning a mass vaccination campaign to immunize #.# million people from swine flu by the end of the year .
ref: italy plans mass vaccination for swine flu
dec: italy plans mass vaccination to immunize swine flu

article: egyptian president hosni mubarak has referred to martial court three cases concerning the outlawed moslem brotherhood , local media reported today .
ref: mubarak refers # cases to martial court
dec: mubarak seeks martial court cases on moslem brotherhood

article: desmond howard finally has his shot to prove to the last three teams they were wrong about his wide receiver abilities .
ref: desmond howard gets his chance to receive for the raiders
dec: howard faces shot to prove

article: thirteen muslim brotherhood members entered pleas of innocent in a military court on tuesday to charges they engaged in anti-government activities .
ref: muslim brotherhood members plead innocent in court
dec: thirteen muslim brotherhood members face pleas of innocent in military court

article: an eighth person has died from gunshot wounds received during hungary 's most violent bank robbery , hospital authorities said friday .
ref: number of dead rises to eight in wake of bank robbery
dec: eighth person dies from gunshot wounds in hungary bank robbery

article: malaysia 's health minister called monday for a ban on fast-food commercials during children 's television programs to control rising obesity .
ref: malaysia eyes fast food adverts ban
dec: malaysia calls for ban on fast-food commercials

article: the stock exchange of thailand -lrb- set -rrb- index on wednesday moved up ##.## points to close at ###.## points .
ref: thai bourse up ##.## points
dec: thai bourse up ##.## points

article: one person was killed and several others injured in an explosion wednesday at a copper plant , emergency officials said .
ref: # dead in us copper plant explosion
dec: one killed in explosion at copper plant

article: a spat between northwest and delta airlines over the availability of fares through priceline.com has escalated into a public feud .
ref: northwest finds fault with delta over exclusive priceline fares
dec: priceline.com spat escalates into public feud

article: the eyes of texas were agog soon after john mackovic took over as the longhorns ' football coach in #### .
ref: mackovic has turned texas around
dec: texas eyes texas coach

article: tanzania will take measures to attack illegal fishing activities in lake victoria to save the fishing industry and preserve bio-diversity .
ref: tanzania set to curb illegal fishing in lake
dec: tanzania to take measures to attack illegal fishing activities

article: the tunis stock exchange index closed at ###.## points on thursday , down #.## percent from wednesday 's finish .
ref: tunis stock exchange index down
dec: tunis stock exchange index down

article: the dollar fell against major currencies monday as investors dumped the us currency for higher interest rates in europe .
ref: dollar falls then <unk>
dec: dollar falls as investors dump interest rates

article: russia and pakistan released a joint statement thursday in which they agreed to establish a constructive and cooperative relationship .
ref: russia pakistan to develop constructive relationship
dec: russia pakistan release joint statement

article: myanmar 's wood-based industry is in progress through giving priority to manufacturing value-added finished wood products for export .
ref: myanmar 's wood-based industry in progress
dec: myanmar wood-based industry in progress

article: the tunis stock exchange index closed at ###.## points wednesday , up #.# percent from tuesday 's finish .
ref: tunis stock exchange index up
dec: tunis stock exchange index up

article: ghana are long overdue african nations cup glory having last lifted the trophy ## years ago .
ref: ghana overdue more nations cup glory
dec: ghana has overdue african nations cup glory

article: a strong #.#-magnitude earthquake hit off indonesia 's northern moluccas islands on sunday , geologists said .
ref: strong quake strikes off indonesia
dec: strong earthquake hits off indonesia

article: blue-chip stocks fell slightly wednesday after the government reported signs of slowing us economic growth .
ref: blue chips head lower amid signs of slowing economic growth
dec: wall stocks slide after slowing us economic growth

article: available data suggests this transformation of rangers third baseman dean palmer occurred april ## .
ref: rangers cruise past blue jays ##-#
dec: data suggests transformation of rangers

article: malaysian inspector general of police abdul rahim noor announced thursday his resignation effective friday .
ref: malaysian police chief announces resignation
dec: malaysian police inspector general resigns

article: a : you 're right ; the poem should be required reading .
ref: everyone wants to claim this poem
dec: the poem on the poem

article: it 's not the most likely formula for a children 's book .
ref: madonna publishes her children 's book amid secrecy high expectations
dec: formula for children 's book

